207909303
207909303
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON Case No: CV-19-923457
Plaintiff
Judge: SHERRIE MIDAY
KEVIN J DANIELS AKA KEVIN DANIELS, ET AL
Defendant
JOURNAL ENTRY
83 DISP.COURT TRIAL - FINAL
ORDER SUSTAINING OBJECTIONS AND ADOPTING THE MAGISTRATE'S DECISION, AS REVISED.
PURSUANT TO CIV.R. 58(B), THE CLERK OF COURTS IS DIRECTED TO SERVE THIS JUDGMENT IN A MANNER
PRESCRIBED BY CIV.R. 5(B). THE CLERK MUST INDICATE ON THE DOCKET THE NAMES AND ADDRESSES OF ALL
PARTIES, THE METHOD OF SERVICE, AND THE COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH THIS SERVICE.
Judge Signature Date
CPJLJ
-83
02/02/2026
Page 1 of 1
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
The Bank of New York Mellon fka the Bank
of New York, as Trustee for the
Certificateholders of the CWABS, Inc., Asset-
Backed Certificates, Series 2007-1
CASE NO. CV 19 923457
Plaintiff
JUDGE Sherrie M. Miday
MAGISTRATE: Jim L. Jackson
-vs- ORDER SUSTAINING OBJECTIONS
AND ADOPTING
MAGISTRATE'S DECISION
Kevin J Daniels aka Kevin Daniels, et al.
Defendants
This cause is before the Court on the decision of the magistrate, the objections thereto by
Defendants Daniels, the evidence admitted at the trial, and the motions and pleadings in the
Court file. After a thorough and independent review of the case, the Court sustains the
objections and adopts the Magistrate’s Decision dated January 13,2026 as modified, granting a
foreclosure on the following premises.
(SEE EXHIBIT “A” ATTACHED HERETO AND MADE A PART HEREOF)
PREMISES COMMONLY KNOWN AS:
1483-85 Cohassett Ave, Lakewood, OH
PERMANENT PARCEL NO.: 315-07-076
The parties who have asserted an interest in the premises and Defendant, Cuyahoga
County Treasurer will be paid according to their priority. The claims of all parties who have
asserted an interest in premises and whose claims are not paid in the order of distribution herein
are transferred to the proceeds of sale and will be determined at a later date.
The Court finds that Plaintiff has standing to bring this case.
The Court further finds that Plaintiff, due to the extraneous information placed on notices
to the Daniels Defendants, is not entitled to the $33,570.03 in forced-placed insurance premiums.
Judgment is rendered in favor of Defendant SLS on the cross-claim of the Daniels
defendants, as no proof of pecuniary damages was provided at trial.
The Court finds that the Daniels defendants proved that SLS violated 12 C.F.R. § 1024.37
by including additional, extraneous information in the forced-placed insurance notices. As a
result, Plaintiff may not seek reimbursement for the forced-placed insurance premium charges
that total, as established at trial, $33,570.03.
Regarding Defendants’ objection to the priority question of the Cuyahoga County
Treasurer, while the order of distribution properly places the Treasurer ahead of the Plaintiff in
priority, the Court finds the second full paragraph on page five of the Magistrate’s Decision is in
error and the same is hereby stricken.
The Court further finds that the Magistrate’s Decision improperly applied the contractual
interest rate to the non-interest-bearing principal balance of $101,042.35. The Court therefore
finds that the Plaintiff is granted judgment in the sum of $233,037.47 plus interest thereon at the
contractual interest rate of 3.875% from December 1, 2018 and on the non-interest-bearing sum
of $ 101,042.3 5 plus interest at the statutory rate from the date of judgment.
Judgment is rendered in favor of Plaintiff in the sum of $233,037.47 plus interest at the
rate of 3.87500% per annum from December 1, 2018 and in the non-interest-bearing principal
balance of $101,042.35 plus statutory interest from the date of Judgment. Plaintiff agreed at trial
to waive any deficiency judgment against Defendant Kevin Daniels.
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, unless the sums
hereinabove found due, together with the costs of this action, be fully paid within three days of
the date of the Court's adoption of the Magistrate's Decision, the equity of redemption and dower
of all the defendants in and to said premises will be foreclosed, and said premises sold; and that
an order of sale shall issue to the Sheriff of Cuyahoga County, directing him to appraise,
advertise in a paper of general circulation within the county, and sell said premises as upon
execution and according to law, free and clear of the interest of all parties to this action. If the
court authorizes a private selling officer to sell the real estate, then the sale must proceed in
accordance with R.C. §2329.152.
If this is a residential property and the property remains unsold after the first auction, then
a second auction shall be held and the property shall be sold to the highest bidder without regard
to the minimum bid requirement in §2329.20 of the Revised Code. This auction shall be held no
earlier than seven days and not later than thirty days after the first auction.
If there is a bidder at the second or subsequent sales, the judgment creditor and the first
lien holder have the right to redeem the property within fourteen days of the sale, by paying the
purchase price to the Clerk of Court. Upon timely payment, the court will proceed as described
in R.C. §2329.31 with the redeeming party considered the successful purchaser at sale.
In the event an order of sale is returned by the selling officer unexecuted, subsequent
orders of sale shall issue in accord with appraisal instructions contained in the Praecipe for those
sales.
And, coming now to distribute the proceeds of said sale, it is ordered that the Sheriff or
private selling officer out of the funds in his hands pay:
FIRST: To the Clerk of Courts the costs of this action, including the sum of
$1,115.63 payable to the Plaintiff for the Judicial Report filed herein,
which sum is hereby taxes as costs.
SECOND: IF THE Plaintiff IS THE PURCHASER AND ELECTED TO
FORGO THE PAYMENT FROM THE SALE PROCEEDS OF
CERTAIN TAXES AS PROVIDED IN R.C. §323.47(B):
To the Treasurer of Cuyahoga County, Ohio taxes, accrued taxes,
assessments, and penalties on the premises hereinafter described, as
shown on the County Treasurer's tax duplicate;
OTHERWISE:
To the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, assessments, interest, and
penalties, the lien for which attached before the date of sale but that are
not yet determined, assessed and levied for the year that includes the date
of sale, apportioned pro rata to the part of that year that precedes the date
of sale, and all other taxes, assessments, penalties, and interest which
attached for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the date
of sale.
THIRD: To Plaintiff, the $233,037.47 plus interest at the rate of 3.87500% per
annum from December 1, 2018 and on the non-interest bearing principal
balance of $101,042.35 plus statutory interest thereon from the date of
. judgment.
FOURTH: The balance, if any, to the Clerk of Courts to be held pending further
order.
In the event Plaintiff is the successful bidder at the sale, the amount of the deposits made
herein by Plaintiff and the cost of the preliminary judicial report in the sum of $1,115.63, will be
deducted from the total amount of Court costs otherwise payable herein.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that there may be due
Plaintiff, additional sums advanced by it under the terms of the note and mortgage to pay real
estate taxes and property protection, which sums are to be determined by further order.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, upon the confirmation
of sale made herein, a minute of these proceedings be entered upon the Cuyahoga County
Records involved in this action to reflect that they are released as liens against the subject
premises.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, if a successful sale
occurs, the parties are ordered to file any motions for reimbursement of advances (for real estate
taxes and property protection) pursuant to R.C. §5301.233 within 21 days from the sale. A party
may move the court to extend this deadline for good cause shown. No party will be granted
reimbursement for advances if such a motion is not filed before this deadline. Within 7 days
from the filing of a motion for reimbursement, a party may file a brief in opposition. The court
will then make a careful examination of the sale pursuant to the applicable statutes. If, however,
this case does not involve advances or no mortgagee intends to seek advances, a party may file a
notice to this effect within seven days of the sale. Where such notice if filed, no party filing such
notice will be granted reimbursement for advances and the court will make a careful examination
of the sale pursuant to the applicable statutes upon the return of the order of sale. A party may
redeem before confirmation of the sale. Nothing in this order prevents the court from staying the
confirmation of sale to permit a property owner additional time to redeem.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, pursuant to Civ.R.
54(B), there is no just reason for delay.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, pursuant to Civ.R.
58(B), the Clerk of Courts must serve, in a manner prescribed by Civ.R. 5(B), all parties not in
default for failure to appear notice of this judgment and its date of entry upon the journal and
must note the service on the appearance docket.
IT IS SO ORDERED
Judge Sherrie M. Miday
Exhibit A
SITUATED IN THE CITY OF LAKEWOOD, COUNTY OF CUYAHOGA AND STATE OF OHIO:
AND KNOWN AS BEING SUBLOT NO. 94 IN THE SCHATZINGER AND COTABISH SUBDIVISION OF PART
OF ORIGINAL ROCKPORT TOWNSHIP, SECTION NO. 21, AS SHOWN BY THE RECORDED PLAT IN
VOLUME 36 OF MAPS, PAGE 20 OF CUYAHOGA COUNTY RECORDS, AND BEING 50 FEET FRONT ON
THE EASTERLY SIDE OF COHASSETT AVENUE. 144.19 FEET DEEP ON THE NORTHERLY LINE, 144.45
DEEP ON THE SOUTHERLY LINE AND 50 FEET WIDE IN THE REAR, AS APPEARS BY SAID PLAT, BE THE
SAME MORE OR LESS, BUT SUBJECT TO ALL LEGAL HIGHWAYS.
TAX ID: 315-07-076
1483-65 COHASSETT AVENUE, LAKEWOOD, OHIO 44107
CV19923457 206927326
206927326
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
The Bank of New York Mellon fka the Bank CASE NO. CV19 9234^ ^13 P 2 2 6
of New York, as Trustee for the CLERK OF COURTS
Certificateholders of the CWABS, Inc., Asset- CUYAHOGA COUNTY
Backed Certificates, Series 2007-1
Plaintiff,
JUDGE Sherrie M. Miday
MAGISTRATE Jim L. Jackson
MAGISTRATE’S DECISION
Kevin J Daniels aka Kevin Daniels, et al.
Defendants.
The matter came for bench trial before the Magistrate on the foreclosure claims of
Plaintiff, the Bank of New York Mellon, etc. (“BNYM”), and; the Real Estate Settlement
Procedures Act (“RESPA”) cross-claim of the Daniels defendants against the New-Party
Defendant, Specialized Loan Servicing, LLC (“SLS”). The cross-claims of the Daniels
defendants against the Cuyahoga County Treasurer and against SLS on the property tax claim
were dismissed by the Court on November 21,2022. At trial the Daniels defendants also present
their RESPA grievance as an affirmative defense to judgment on a portion of the judgment
sought by BNYM on its foreclosure claims. The parties stipulated that BNYM was seeking in
rem judgment only, so that no personal or deficiency judgment would be sought against the
borrower, Defendant Kevin J. Daniels.
All necessary parties have been served with summons according to law and are properly
before the court.
To prevail on a foreclosure claim at trial, the foreclosing lender must prove by a
preponderance of the evidence that: (1) it is the holder of the note and mortgage, or is a party
entitled to enforce the instrument; (2) if not the original mortgagee, the chain of assignments and
transfers; (3) that the mortgagor is in default; (4) that all conditions precedent have been met; and
(5) the amount of principal and interest due upon the date of default. Deutsche Bank Nat. Trust
Co. v. Najar, 2013-Ohio-1657, UU 16-18 (8th Dist.).
To prevail on an affirmative claim for relief under RESPA, the borrower must prove
damages as a result of the violation. See Marais v. Chase Home Fin. LLC, 736 F.3d 711,719
(6th Cir.2013).
At trial, BNYM presented probative evidence that it has met the first four elements of
Najar: (1) it is the holder of the note and mortgage, or is a party entitled to enforce the
instrument; (2) if not the original mortgagee, the chain of assignments and transfers; (3) that the
mortgagor is in default; (4) that all conditions precedent have been met. Najar, 2013-Ohio-1657.
The Daniels defendants dispute this proof and the associated testimony. The Magistrate finds
that these portions of the foreclosure claim have been proven. Plaintiff is therefore entitled to a
decree of foreclosure.
The Daniels defendants, through counsel, elaborated on their RESPA claim and defense.
The Daniels defendants, however, offered no evidence of pecuniary damages arising from the
RESPA violations they stated have been committed by SLS. As no proof of pecuniary damages
was submitted, SLS is entitled to judgment on the Daniels defendants’ cross-claim for
affirmative relief. Marais, 736 F.3d 711.
The Magistrate finds that SLS’s violation of RESPA does preclude BNYM from seeking
reimbursement for forced-placed insurance premiums. Under federal law, a loan servicer must
send a borrower notices before the loan servicer purchases home insurance for a borrower, and
then proceed to charge the borrowers for that insurance. 12 C.F.R. § 1024.37. At trial the
Daniels defendants proved that SLS violated this requirement by including additional, extraneous
information in the forced-place insurance notices. 12 C.F.R. § 1024.37(c)(4). Despite this non-
compliance, SLS placed forced-place insurance premium charges on the Daniels defendants’
mortgage account. 12 C.F.R. § 1024.37(c)(1). These charges total $33,570.03. At trial BNYM
submitted evidence and testimony making clear that is now attempting to collect, inter alia, these
forced-place insurance charges.
The command of RESPA’s Regulation X is clear:
Before a servicer assesses on a borrower any premium charge ... related to force
place insurance, the servicer must... not include [in the requisite notices] any
information other than the information required [in the regulation].
%
Id. Here, as the notices contained extraneous information, the forced-placed insurance charges
totaling $33,570 were improperly placed on the Daniels’ mortgage account. In other words,
because the assessment of forced-placed insurance premiums violated federal law, BNYM
cannot establish that sum as part of the amount due. Najar, 2013-Ohio-1657. For this Court to
allow what federal law prohibits would effectively nullify the federal regulation, in this instance.
In re Cline (1964), 3 Ohio App.2d 345, 349, 210 N.E.2d 737, 739 (2nd Dist.) (courts must give
force and effect to the law).
The Magistrate therefore finds that BNYM is entitled to the in rem judgment it seeks, but
may not collect the $33,570.03 sum for impermissibly charged forced-placed insurance
premiums, and any other such premiums as may subsequently be added to the Daniels
defendants’ mortgage account between the time of trial and confirmation of sale.
There is due the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, accrued taxes, assessments, and
penalties on the premises described herein including: (1) taxes, assessments, interest, and
penalties, the lien for which attached before the date of sale but that are not yet determined,
assessed and levied for the year that includes the date of sale, apportioned pro rata to the part of
that year that precedes the date of sale, and (2) all other taxes, assessments, penalties, and interest
which attached for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the date of the judicial
sale. The exact amount of said taxes, accrued taxes, assessments, and penalties are
unascertainable at this time, but will be determined at the time of the sale of said premises for
which amount the Cuyahoga County Treasurer has a good and valid lien.
There is due Plaintiff on the promissory note set forth in the complaint, the total sum of
$334,079.82, which consists of an interest-bearing principal balance of $233,037.47 and anon-
interest-bearing principal balance of $101,042.35, plus interest thereon at the rate of 3.87500%
per annum from December 1, 2018, for which sum judgment is hereby rendered in favor of
Plaintiff.
In order to secure the payment of the promissory note, Alexandra Daniels aka Alexandra
R Daniels and Kevin J Daniels aka Kevin Daniels executed and delivered to Mortgage Electronic
Registration Systems, Inc., as nominee for Countrywide Home Loans, Inc., a certain mortgage
deed as in the said Complaint described, thereby conveying the following described premises:
SEE LEGAL DESCRIPTION ATTACHED HERETO AS EXHIBIT “A” AND
INCORPORATED HEREIN:
Said premises are commonly known as: 1483-85 Cohassett Ave, Lakewood, OH
Permanent Parcel Number: 315-07-076
This mortgage was duly filed with the Recorder of Cuyahoga County, Ohio on February
27,2007 at 3 :15:57 p.m. and was by him thereafter recorded as AFN 200702270534 of the
Mortgage Records of said county, and thereby became and is a valid first mortgage lien upon
said premises, subject only to the lien of the Treasurer for taxes. This mortgage deed was
assigned to the Plaintiff. The conditions in the mortgage deed have been broken by reason of .
non-payment and the same has become absolute. As a consequence, Plaintiff is entitled to have
the equity of redemption and dower of all the defendants in and to said premises foreclosed.
The Magistrate further finds that Plaintiff may have advanced or may advance during the
pendency of this action sums for the payment of taxes, hazard insurance premiums and
protection of the property described herein, the total amount of which is undetermined at the
present time, but which amount will be ascertainable at the time of the judicial sale, which
amount may be added to the first mortgage lien of Plaintiff. The Magistrate reserves for further
order a determination of the exact, if any, amount due Plaintiff for said advances.
Defendant Cuyahoga County Treasurer claims some right, title, interest or lien upon the
premises described, as set forth in its answer filed herein, but that any right, title interest, claim
or lien said defendant may have is inferior and subsequent to the lien of plaintiff.
No finding is made at this time as to the right, title, interest or lien of said defendant,
except to note that such claim, right, title, interest or lien of said defendant is hereby ordered
transferred to the proceeds derived from the sale of said premises, after the payment of the costs
of the within action, taxes due and payable, and the amount found due to the plaintiff, and the
same is hereby ordered continued until further order
Pursuant to Civ. R. 54(B) there is no just reason for delay in entering judgment for the
Plaintiff.
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, unless the sums
hereinabove found due, together with the costs of this action, be fully paid within three days of
the date of the Court's adoption of the Magistrate's Decision, the equity of redemption and dower
of all the defendants in and to said premises will be foreclosed, and said premises sold; and that
an order of sale shall issue to the Sheriff of Cuyahoga County, directing him to appraise,
advertise in a paper of general circulation within the county, and sell said premises as upon
execution and according to law, free and clear of the interest of all parties to this action. If the
court authorizes a private selling officer to sell the real estate, then the sale must proceed in
accordance with R.C. §2329.152.
If this is a residential property and the property remains unsold after the first auction, then
a second auction shall be held and the property shall be sold to the highest bidder without regard
to the minimum bid requirements in §2329.20 of the Revised Code. This auction shall be held
no earlier than seven days and not later than thirty days after the first auction.
If there is a bidder at the second or subsequent sale, the judgment creditor and the first
lien holder have the right to redeem the property within fourteen days of the sale, by paying the
purchase price to the Clerk of Court. Upon timely payment, the court will proceed as described
in R.C. §2329.31 with the redeeming party considered the successful purchaser at sale.
In the event an order of sale is returned by the selling officer unexecuted, subsequent
orders of sale shall issue in accord with appraisal instructions contained in the Praecipe for those
sales.
And, coming now to distribute the proceeds of said sale, it is ordered that the Sheriff or
private selling officer out of the funds in his hands pay:
FIRST: To the Clerk of Courts the costs of this action, including the sum of
$ 1,115.63 payable to the Plaintiff for the Judicial Report filed herein,
which sum is hereby taxes as costs.
SECOND: IF THE PLAINTIFF IS THE PURCHASER AND HAS ELECTED TO
FORGO THE PAYMENT FROM THE SALE PROCEEDS OF CERTAIN
TAXES AS PROVIDED IN R.C. §323.47(B):
To the Treasurer of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, taxes, accrued taxes,
assessments, and penalties on the premises hereinafter described, as shown
on the County Treasurer's tax duplicate;
OTHERWISE:
To the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, assessments, interest, and
penalties, the lien for which attaches before the date of sale but that are not
yet determined, assessed and levied for the year that includes the date of
sale, apportioned pro rata to the part of that year that precedes the date of
sale, and all other taxes, assessments, penalties, and interest which attached
for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the date of sale.
THIRD: To Plaintiff, the total sum of $334,079.82, which consists of an interest
bearing principal balance of $233,037.47 and a non-interest bearing
principal balance of $101,042.35, plus interest thereon at the rate of
3.87500% per annum from December 1, 2018.
FOURTH: The balance, if any, to the Clerk of Courts to be held pending further order.
In the event Plaintiff is the successful bidder at the sale, the amount of the deposits made
herein by Plaintiff and the costs of the preliminary judicial report in the sum of $1,115.63, shall
be deducted from the total amount of Court costs otherwise payable herein.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that there may be due
Plaintiff, additional sums advanced by it under the terms of the note and mortgage to pay real
estate taxes, hazard insurance premiums, and property protection, which sums are to be
determined by further Order.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, upon the confirmation
of sale made herein, a minute of these proceedings be entered upon the Cuyahoga County
Records involved in this action to reflect that they are released as liens against the subject
premises.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, after said sale has
been completed, a deed will be conveyed to the purchaser and a Writ of Possession of said
property to be issued.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, if a successful sale
occurs, the parties are ordered to file any motions for reimbursement of advances pursuant to
R.C. §5301.233 within 21 days from the sale. A party may move the court to extend this
deadline for good cause shown. No party will be granted reimbursement for advances is such a
motion is not filed before this deadline. Within 7 days from the filing of a motion for
reimbursement, a party may file a brief in opposition. The court will then make a careful
examination of the sale pursuant to the applicable statutes. If, however, this case does not
involve advances or no mortgage intends to seek advances, a party may file a notice to this effect
within seven days of the sale. Where such notice if filed, no party filing such notice will be
granted reimbursement for advances and the court will make a careful examination of the sale
pursuant to the applicable statutes upon the return of the order of sale. A party may redeem
before confirmation of the sale. Nothing in this order prevents the court from staying the
confirmation of sale to permit a property owner additional time to redeem.
