199763794
199763794
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY. NATIONAL Case No: CV-24-106266
ASSOCIATION
Plaintiff Judge: ANTONIO S NICHOLSON
MILDHIGH LLC, ET AL
Defendant
JOURNAL ENTRY
CH
-92
08/07/2025
Page 1 of 1
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, CV-24-106266
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS
TRUSTEE FOR VELOCITY Judge ANTONIO NICHOLSON
COMMERCIAL CAPITAL LOAN
TRUST 2022-4, Magistrate Monica Klein
Plaintiff, ORDER ADOPTING MAGISTRATE’S
DECISION
vs.
MILDHIGH LLC, an Ohio limited
liability company, et al., Parcel#: 011-09-001
Defendants.
This cause is before the Court on the decision of the Magistrate, the Pleadings, and the
Motions in the Court’s file, and the evidence.
Default Judgment is granted in favor of the Plaintiff against the following Defendants:
Mildhigh, LLC
Cora Jean Howard
The Court adopts the Magistrate’s decision dated^^l^^^^ranting
Plaintiff’s Motion for Default Judgment and a foreclosure on the premises.
SEE EXHIBIT “A” ATTACHED HERETO AND MADE A PART HEREOF
PREMISES COMMONLY KNOWN AS
4479 State Road Cleveland, OH 44109, Parcel #: 011-09-001
{05500433-3 >
*
The parties who have asserted an interest in the premises will be paid according to their
priority. The claims of all parties who have asserted an interest in the premises and whose claims
are not paid in the order of distribution herein are transferred to the proceeds of sale and will be
determined at a later date.
Plaintiff is GRANTED a judgment against Defendant Mildhigh, LLC and Cora Jean
Howard, jointly and severally, in the sum of $129,871.15 plus regular interest that continues to
accrue at the rate of 8.99% per annum, plus default interest that continues to accrue at the rate of
4.0% per annum, from January 01, 2024
The Court finds Plaintiff has standing to bring this case.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, unless the sums
hereinabove found due, together with the costs of this action, be fully paid within three days of
the date of the adoption of the magistrate’s decision, the equity of redemption of Defendants, and
all persons claiming through Defendants, shall be foreclosed and the Property sold, and an Order
of Sale shall issue to the Sheriff of Cuyahoga County directing him to appraise, advertise in a
paper of general circulation within the county, and sell the Property, said terms being cash on
date of sale, or according to law and the orders of the Court, and report his proceedings back to
the Court. If the United States of America holds a lien on the real estate, the United States of
America shall have the right to redeem as provided by 28 U.S.C. § 2410(C). If the court
authorizes a private selling officer to sell the real estate, then the sale must proceed in accordance
with R.C. § 2329.152.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the Sheriff shall send counsel for the party requesting
the Order of Sale a copy of the publication notice for the sale of the Property promptly upon its
first publication. In the event an order of sale is returned by the selling officer unexecuted,
{05500433-3 >
subsequent orders of sale shall issue in accord with appraisal instructions contained in the
praecipe for those sales.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the Sheriff or private selling officer, upon confirmation
of the sale of the Property, shall pay from the proceeds of the sale, upon the claim herein found,
the amounts thereof in the following order of priority:
FIRST: To the Clerk of this Court, the costs of this action, including the sum of
$710.00 payable to Plaintiff for the judicial reports filed herein, which
sum is hereby taxed as costs.
SECOND: IF THE PLAINTIFF IS THE PURCHASER AND HAS ELECTED TO
FORGO THE PAYMENT FROM THE SALE PROCEEDS OF
CERTAIN TAXES AS PROVIDED IN R.C. §323.47(B):
To the Treasurer of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, taxes, accrued taxes,
assessments, and penalties on the premises hereinafter described, as shown
on the tax duplicate;
OTHERWISE:
To the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, assessments, interest, and
penalties, the lien for which attaches before the date of sale but that are not
yet determined, assessed and levied for the year that includes the date of
sale, apportioned pro rata to the part of that year that precedes the date of
sale, and all other taxes, assessments, penalties, and interest which
attached for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the date of
sale.
THIRD: To the Plaintiff, the sum of $129,871.15 plus regular interest that
continues to accrue at the rate of 8.99% per annum, plus default interest
that continues to accrue at the rate of 4.0% per annum, from January 01,
2024.
FOURTH: The balance, if any, to the Clerk of Courts to be held
pending further order.
In the event Plaintiff is the successful bidder at the sale, the amount of the deposits made
herein by plaintiff and the cost of the preliminary judicial report in the sum of $710.00 shall be
deducted from the total amount of costs otherwise payable herein.
{05500433-3}
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that there may be due
plaintiff, additional sums advanced by it under the terms of the note and mortgage to pay real
estate taxes, hazard insurance premiums, and property protection, which sums are to be
determined by further order.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that a writ of possession shall issue for the Property in
favor of the Plaintiff or any successful bidder at the Sheriffs sale of the Property.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the Plaintiff is entitled to enforce the Assignment of
Rents as to the Property, and is entitled to receive all Rents in the possession of Defendants and
all those which have otherwise become due and owing since the date of the default under
Mortgage.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that, upon the
confirmation of sale, a minute of these proceedings be entered upon the Cuyahoga County
Records involved in this action to reflect that they are released as liens against the premises.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, if a successful sale
occurs, the parties are ordered to file any motions for reimbursement of advances pursuant to
R.C. § 5301.233 within 21 days from the sale. A party may move the court to extend this
deadline for good cause shown. No party will be granted reimbursement for advances if such a
motion is not filed before this deadline. Within seven days from the filing of a motion for
reimbursement, a party may file a brief in opposition. The court will then make a careful
examination of the sale pursuant to the applicable statutes. If, however, this case does not involve
advances or no mortgagee intends to seek advances, a party may file a notice to this effect within
seven days of the sale. Where such notice is filed, no party filing such notice will be granted
reimbursement for advances and the court will make a careful examination of the sale pursuant
{05500433-3i
to the applicable statutes upon the return of the order of sale. A party may redeem before
confirmation of the sale. Nothing in this order prevents the court from staying the confirmation
of sale to permit a property owner additional time to redeem.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that pursuant to Civ.R.
54(B), there is no just reason for delay.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, pursuant to Civ.R.
58(B), the Clerk of Courts must serve, in a manner prescribed by Civ.R. 5(B), all parties not in
default for failure to appear notice of this judgment and its date of entry upon the journal and
must note the service on the appearance docket.
IT IS SO ORDERED.
JUDGE
{05500433-3i
EXHIBIT A
Situated in the City of Cleveland, County of Cuyahoga and State of Ohio:
And known as being Parcel "A" In the Map of Lot Split and Consolidation of
the lands of Matthew J. and Dawn M. Szczepinski of part of Original
Brooklyn Township Lots Nos. 59,62 and 63, as shown by the recorded plat
in Volume 337 of Maps, Page 71 of Cuyahoga County Records, as appears
by said plat, be the same more or less, but subject to all legal highways.
{05500433-5}
CV24106266 198760408
198760408
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, CV-24-106266
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS
TRUSTEE FOR VELOCITY Judge ANTONIO NICHOLSON
COMMERCIAL CAPITAL LOAN
TRUST 2022-4, Magistrate Monica Klein
Plaintiff, MAGISTRATE’S DECISION
Parcel #: 011-09-001
MILDHIGH LLC, an Ohio limited
liability company, et al..
Defendants.
This cause was submitted to the Magistrate and heard upon the Plaintiffs Complaint; the
motion for default judgment filed by Plaintiff and the affidavit and exhibits in support thereof; and
the evidence.
All necessary parties have been served with summons according to law and are properly
before the court. Defendant Mildhigh, LLC was served with summons and a copy of the Complaint
by special process server on October 31, 2024. Defendant Cora Jean Howard was served with
summons and a copy of the Complaint by special process server on October 31, 2024. Defendants
have not answered or otherwise appeared in response to the Complaint.
There is due the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, accrued taxes, assessments, and
penalties on the premises described herein including: (1) taxes, assessments, interest, and penalties,
the lien for which attaches before the date of sale but that are not yet determined, assessed and
levied for the year that includes the date of sale, apportioned pro rata to the part of that year that
precedes the date of sale, and (2) all other taxes, assessments, penalties, and interest which attached
<05500431-1 >
for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the date of the judicial sale. The exact
amount of said taxes, accrued taxes, assessments, and penalties are unascertainable at this time,
but will be determined at the time of the sale of said premises for which amount the Cuyahoga
County Treasurer has a good and valid lien.
There is due to Plaintiff, on the Term Note set forth in the Complaint the following sum of
$129,871.15' plus regular interest that continues to accrue at the rate of 8.99% per annum, plus
default interest that continues to accrue at the rate of 4.0% per annum, from January 01, 2024 for
which Plaintiff is granted judgment against MildHigh, LLC. and Cora Jean Howard jointly ans
severally
In order to secure the payment of the promissory note aforesaid, MildHigh, LLC.
executed and delivered to Original Mortgagee, Inc., a certain mortgage deed as in the said
Complaint described, thereby conveying the following described premises:
SEE LEGAL DESCRIPTION ATTACHED HERETO AS EXHIBIT "A" AND
INCORPORATED HEREIN:
Said Premises commonly known as: 4479 State Road Cleveland, OH 44109
Parcel #: 011-09-001
The Mortgage was duly filed with the Cuyahoga County Recorder on May 10, 2022 as
Document No. 202205100164. and thereby became and is a valid first mortgage lien upon said
premises, subject only to the lien of the Treasurer for taxes. This mortgage deed was assigned to
the plaintiff. Plaintiff is the assignee of an Open-End Mortgage and Security Agreement and
Assignment of Leases and Rents May 6, 2022, executed by Borrower as security for the
1 Plaintiff is not entitled to compound interest.
{05500431-1 >
repayment of the Note (the “Mortgage”). The Mortgage was assigned to the Plaintiff by virtue of
an Assignment of Mortgage recorded February 10, 2023 as Document No. 202302100094 of the
Records of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The conditions in the mortgage deed have been broken by
reason of non-payment and the same has become absolute. As a consequence, plaintiff is
entitled to have the equity of redemption and dower of all the defendants in and to said premises
foreclosed.
The Magistrate further finds that plaintiff may have advanced or may advance during the
pendency of this action sums for the payment of taxes, hazard insurance premiums and
protection of the property described herein, the total amount of which is undetermined at the
present time, but which amount will be ascertainable at the time of the judicial sale, which
amount may be added to the first mortgage lien of plaintiff. The Magistrate reserves for further
order a determination of the exact, if any, amount due Plaintiff for said advances.
As a consequence of the Borrower’s failure to pay the amount due and owing under the Note,
the Mortgage is in default and the Plaintiff is entitled to have the Mortgage foreclosed. All
conditions precedent to the enforcement of the Mortgage have been performed.
Additionally, to secure repayment of the Loan, and in the same document as the Mortgage, the
Borrower granted an assignment of the Rents (as defined below) (the “Assignment of Rents”).
The Assignment of Rents constitutes a present, absolute, and unconditional assignment by the
Borrower of all leases, rents, issues, income, profits, and other rights generated by and associated
with the Property (collectively, the “Rents”). As a consequence of the Borrower’s failure to pay
the amount due and owing under the Note, the covenants contained in the Assignment of Rents
have been broken, and Plaintiff is entitled to enforce said Assignment of Rents.
{05500431-1 >
4
To secure repayment of the Loan, and in the same document as the Mortgage, the Borrower
granted a Security Interest in all fixtures and personal property described therein. As a
consequence of the Borrower’s failure to pay the amount due and owing under the Note, the
covenants contained in the Assignment of Rents have been broken, and Plaintiff is entitled to
enforce said Security Interest.
Pursuant to Civ.R. 54(B) there is no just reason for delay in entering judgment for Plaintiff.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, unless the sums
hereinabove found due, together with the costs of this action, be fully paid within three days of the
date of the adoption of the magistrate’s decision, the equity of redemption of Defendants, and all
persons claiming through Defendants, shall be foreclosed and the Property sold, and an Order of
Sale shall issue to the Sheriff of Cuyahoga County directing him to appraise, advertise in a paper
of general circulation within the county, and sell the Property, said terms being cash on date of
sale, or according to law and the orders of the Court, and report his proceedings back to the Court.
If the United States of America holds a lien on the real estate, the United States of America shall
have the right to redeem as provided by 28 U.S.C. § 2410(C). If the court authorizes a private
selling officer to sell the real estate, then the sale must proceed in accordance with R.C. § 2329.152.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the Sheriff shall send counsel for the party requesting
the Order of Sale a copy of the publication notice for the sale of the Property promptly upon its
first publication. In the event an order of sale is returned by the selling officer unexecuted,
subsequent orders of sale shall issue in accord with appraisal instructions contained in the praecipe
for those sales.
{05500431-1 >
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the Sheriff or private selling officer, upon confirmation
of the sale of the Property, shall pay from the proceeds of the sale, upon the claim herein found,
the amounts thereof in the following order of priority:
FIRST: To the Clerk of this Court, the costs of this action, including the sum of
$710.00 payable to Plaintiff for the judicial reports filed herein, which
sum is hereby taxed as costs.
SECOND: IF THE PLAINTIFF IS THE PURCHASER AND HAS ELECTED TO
FORGO THE PAYMENT FROM THE SALE PROCEEDS OF
CERTAIN TAXES AS PROVIDED IN R.C. §323.47(B):
To the Treasurer of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, taxes, accrued taxes,
assessments, and penalties on the premises hereinafter described, as shown
on the tax duplicate;
OTHERWISE:
To the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, assessments, interest, and
penalties, the lien for which attaches before the date of sale but that are not
yet determined, assessed and levied for the year that includes the date of
sale, apportioned pro rata to the part of that year that precedes the date of
sale, and all other taxes, assessments, penalties, and interest which attached
for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the date of sale.
THIRD: To the Plaintiff, the sum of $ 129,871.152 plus regular interest that continues
to accrue at the rate of 8.99% per annum, plus default interest that continues
to accrue at the rate of 4.0% per annum, from January 01, 2024.
FOURTH: The balance, if any, to the Clerk of Courts to be held
pending further order.
In the event Plaintiff is the successful bidder at the sale, the amount of the deposits made
herein by plaintiff and the cost of the preliminary judicial report in the sum of $710.00 shall be
deducted from the total amount of costs otherwise payable herein.
2 Plaintiff is not entitled to compound interest.
{05500431-1}
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that there may be due
plaintiff, additional sums advanced by it under the terms of the note and mortgage to pay real estate
taxes, hazard insurance premiums, and property protection, which sums are to be determined by
further order.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that a writ of possession shall issue for the Property in favor
of the Plaintiff or any successful bidder at the Sheriffs sale of the Property.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the Plaintiff is entitled to enforce the Assignment of
Rents as to the Property, and is entitled to receive all Rents in the possession of Defendants and
all those which have otherwise become due and owing since the date of the default under
Mortgage.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that, upon the confirmation
of sale, a minute of these proceedings be entered upon the Cuyahoga County Records involved in
this action to reflect that they are released as liens against the premises.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, if a successful sale
occurs, the parties are ordered to file any motions for reimbursement of advances pursuant to R.C.
§ 5301.233 within 21 days from the sale. A party may move the court to extend this deadline for
good cause shown. No party will be granted reimbursement for advances if such a motion is not
filed before this deadline. Within seven days from the filing of a motion for reimbursement, a party
may file a brief in opposition. The court will then make a careful examination of the sale pursuant
{05500431-1 >
to the applicable statutes. If, however, this case does not involve advances or no mortgagee intends
to seek advances, a party may file a notice to this effect within seven days of the sale. Where such
notice is filed, no party filing such notice will be granted reimbursement for advances and the court
will make a careful examination of the sale pursuant to the applicable statutes upon the return of
the order of sale. A party may redeem before confirmation of the sale. Nothing in this order
prevents the court from staying the confirmation of sale to permit a property owner additional time
to redeem.
IT IS SO ORDERED.
MAGISTRATE
-NOTICE—
A party shall not assign as error on appeal the court’s adoption of any factual finding or
legal conclusion, whether or not specifically designated as a finding of fact or conclusion of
law under Civ. R. 53(D)(3)(a)(ii), unless the party timely and specifically objects to that
factual finding or legal conclusion as required by Civ. R. 53(D)(3)(b).
{05500431-1 >
EXHIBIT A
Situated in the City of Cleveland, County of Cuyahoga and State of Ohio:
And known as being Parcel “A" in the Map of Lot Split and Consolidation of
the lands of Matthew J. and Dawn M. Szczepinskl of part of Original
Brooklyn Township Lots Nos. 59,62 and 63, as shown by the recorded plat
in Volume 337 of Maps, Page 71 of Cuyahoga County Records, as appears
by said plat, be the same more or less, but subject to all legal highways.
{05500431-1 >
