212619086
212619086
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
GUILD MORTGAGE COMPANY LLC Case No: CV-25-117671
Plaintiff
Judge: MAUREEN E CLANCY
ALEXANDER THOMAS FUNKE, ET AL
Defendant
JOURNALENTRY
co
-92
04/30/2026 .
Page 1 of 1
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
)
Guild Mortgage Company LLC, . ) Case No. CV25117671
) .
Plaintiff, ) Judge Maureen E. Clancy
)
vs. ) JUDGMENT ENTRY ADOPTING
) MAGISTRATE’S DECISION
Alexander Thomas Funke, et al, )
)
Defendants )
)
)
)
)
___)
THIS CAUSE is before the Court on the Decision of the Magistrate, the evidence
admitted at the hearing, and the motions and pleadings in the Court file.
Default judgment is granted in favor of Plaintiff against the following Defendants:
Alexander Thomas Funke and Unknown Spouse, if any, of Alexander Thomas Funke.
The Court adopts the Magistrate’s Decision dated granting
a foreclosure on the premises.
(SEE EXHIBIT "A" ATTACHED HERETO AND MADE A PART HEREOF)
PREMISES COMMONLY KNOWN AS:
17618 Puritas Avenue, Cleveland, OH
PERMANENT PARCEL NO.: 027-12-013
The parties who have asserted an interest in the premises will be paid according to their
priority. The claims of all parties who have asserted an interest in premises and whose claims
are not paid in the order of distribution herein are transferred to the proceeds of sale and will be
determined at a later date.
Judgment in Foreclosure is rendered in favor of Plaintiff Guild Mortgage Company, LLC,
in the sum of $116,793.75 plus interest at the rate of 2.625% per annum from October 1, 2024.
The Court finds that Plaintiff has standing to bring this case.
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, unless the sums
hereinabove found due, together with the costs of this action, be fully paid within three days of
the date of the Court's adoption of the Magistrate's Decision, the equity of redemption and dower
of all the Defendants in and to said premises will be foreclosed, and said premises sold; and that
an order of sale shall issue to the Sheriff of Cuyahoga County, directing him to appraise,
advertise in a paper of general circulation within the county, and sell said premises as upon
execution and according to law, free and clear of the interest of all parties to this action. If the
Court authorizes a private selling officer to sell the real estate, then the sale must proceed in
accordance with R.C. §2329.152.
If this is a residential property and the property remains unsold after the first auction, then
a second auction shall be held and the property shall be sold to the highest bidder without regard
to the minimum bid requirement in §2329.20 of the Revised Code. This auction shall be held no
earlier than seven days and not later than thirty days after the first auction.
If there is a bidder at the second or subsequent sales, the judgment creditor and the first
lien holder have the right to redeem the property within fourteen days of the sale, by paying the
purchase price to the Clerk of Court. Upon timely payment, the Court will proceed as described
in R.C. §2329.31 with the redeeming party considered the successful purchaser at sale.
In the event an order of sale is returned by the selling officer unexecuted, subsequent
orders of sale shall issue in accord with appraisal instructions contained in the Praecipe for those
sales.
And coming now to distribute the proceeds of said sale, it is ordered that the Sheriff or
private selling officer out of the funds in his hands pay:
First: The costs herein, including the sum of $300.00 payable to Reimer Law Co. for the
Judicial Report filed herein, and the sum of $351.00 for the premium, which are hereby
taxed as costs.
Second: To the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, assessments, interest, and penalties, the
lien for which attaches before the date of sale but that are not yet determined, assessed
and levied for the year that includes the date of sale, apportioned pro rata to the part of
that year that precedes the date of sale, and all other taxes, assessments, penalties, and
interest which attached for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the date of
sale.
Third: To the Plaintiff, the sum of $ 116793.75 plus interest thereon‘at the rate of 2.625%
per annum from October 1, 2024.
Fourth: The balance, if any, to be held by the Clerk of Courts pending further order.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that Plaintiff has and will
from time to time advance sums such as taxes, insurance, and property protection and has the
first and best lien for these amounts and for other fees, costs, charges and amounts permitted
under the Plaintiffs loan documents and Ohio law. The Court makes no finding as to these
additional amounts and continues same until determined by further Order.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that, upon the
confirmation of sale made herein, a minute of these proceedings be entered upon the Cuyahoga
County Records involved in this action to reflect that they are released as liens against the
subject premises.
It is further ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that after said sale has been
completed, a deed will be conveyed to the purchaser and a Writ of Possession of said property be
issued.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, if a successful sale
occurs, the parties are ordered to file any motions for reimbursement of advances pursuant to
R.C. § 5301:233 within 21 days from the sale. A party may move the Court to extend this
deadline for good cause shown. No party will be granted reimbursement for advances if such a
motion is not filed before this deadline. Within 7 days from the filing of a motion for
reimbursement, a party may file a brief in opposition. The Court will then make a careful
examination of the sale pursuant to the applicable statutes. If, however, this case does not
involve advances or no mortgagee intends to seek advances, a party may file a notice to this
effect within seven days of the sale. Where such notice is filed, no party filing such notice will
be granted reimbursement for advances and the Court will make a careful examination of the sale
pursuant to the applicable statutes upon the return of the order of sale. A party may redeem
before confirmation of the sale. Nothing in this order prevents the Court from staying the
confirmation of sale to permit a property owner additional time to redeem.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that pursuant to Civ.R.
54(B), there is no just reason for delay.
IT IS FURTHER.ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, pursuant to Civ.R.
58(B), the Clerk of Courts must serve, in a manner prescribed by Civ.R. 5(B), all parties not in
default for failure to appear notice of this judgment and its date of entry upon the journal and
must note the service on the appearance docket.
EXHIBIT “A”
DESCRIPTION OF LAND
Situated in the City of Cleveland, County of Cuyahoga,, and State of Ohio, and known as being part of Original
Rockport Township Section No. 8, and bounded and described as follows:
Beginning at a point in the center line of Puritas Avenue Southwest (60.00 feet wide), South 89° 07 East a
distance of666.70 feet, measured along the center line of Puritas Avenue Southwest, front a stone monument,
at its intersection with the center line of Rocky River Drive Southwest;
Thence North 016 05’ 35" East, and parallel with and distant 50.00 lect Westerly at right angles from the
easterly line of land devised to Alice Irene Brady by will and described in Certificate of Transfer recorded
March 25,1937 in Volume 4706, Page 627 of Cuyahoga County Records, a distance of 329.08 feet to a point in
the southerly line of land conveyed to Thomas and Kathryn Murray on January' 30,1926 and recorded in
Volume 3329, Page 634 of Cuyahoga County Records, said last described point being 50.00 feet Westerly from
the southeasterly comer of land so conveyed to Thomas and Kathryn Murray, as above noted;
Thence North 8 8° 32' 35" West, along the southerly line of land so con veyed to Thomas and Kathryn Murray
and its production Westerly, a distance of 50.00 feet to a point, said last described point being 85.64 feet
Easterly from the northwesterly corner of land so devised to Alice Irene Brady by will, as above noted;
Thence South 01° 05' 35" West, and parallel with and distant 100.00 feet Westerly at right angles from the
easterly line of land so devised to Alice Irene Brady by will, as above noted, a distance of 329.58 feet to the
center line of Puritas Avenue South west;
Thence South 89’ 07' East, along the center line of Puritas Avenue Southwest, a distance of50.00 feet to the
place ofbeginning, be the same more or less, but subject to all legal highways.
Excepting therefrom all that part of the above described premises which falls within the bounds of Puritas
Avenue South west (60.00 feet wide) and that parcel of land conveyed to the City of Cleveland by deed dated
August 29, 1928 and recorded in Vol ume 3774, Page 177 of C uyahoga Coun ty Records, be the same more or
less, but subject to all legal highways.
FILED
APR 1 5 2026
Oak «f Courts
O/yih0j» County. OMo
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
Guild Mortgage Company LLC ) CASE NO. CV25117671
)
Plaintiff ) JUDGE Maureen E. Clancy
) .
-vs- )
) MAGISTRATE’S DECISION
Alexander Thomas Funke, et al. )
) (IN-REM).
Defendants )
)
)
)
)
) '
THIS CAUSE was submitted to the Magistrate and heard upon the Complaint for
• Foreclosure of the Plaintiff, Plaintiff’s Motion for Default Judgment and the evidence.
The Magistrate finds that all necessary parties have been served with summons according
; to law and are properly before the Court; that the Defendants, Alexander Thomas Funke, and
Unknown Spouse, if any, of Alexander Thomas Funke, are in default of Answer or other pleading
and thereby confess the allegations of the Complaint to be true.
• The Magistrate finds that there is due the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, accrued taxes,
assessments, and penalties on the premises described herein including: (1) taxes, assessments,
interest, and penalties, the lien for which attaches before the date of sale but that are not yet
determined, assessed and levied for the year that includes the date of judicial sale, apportioned pro
CV25117671 211772333
211772333
rata to the part of that year that precedes the date of sale; and (2) all other taxes, assessments,
penalties and interest which attached for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the
date of the judicial sale. The exact amount of said taxes, accrued taxes, assessments, and penalties
are unascertainable at this time, but will be determined at the time of the sale of said premises, for
which amount the Cuyahoga County Treasurer has a good and valid lien.
The Magistrate finds on the evidence adduced that there is due the Plaintiff on the
promissory note set forth in the First Count of the Complaint, the sum of $116,793.75, plus interest
at 2.625% per annum from October 1,2024.
The Court further finds that the Defendant, Alexander Thomas Funke, filed a petition
commencing a case under Title 11 of the United States Code, for relief under Chapter 7 of the
Bankruptcy Code, in the United States Court, northern District of Ohio, eastern Division, and being
Case No. 3:2025bk31600, and that they were subsequently discharged and release from the
indebtedness due and owing to the Plaintiff on its promissory note as set forth in its Complaint.
Plaintiff may have advanced or may advance during the pendency of this action sums for
the payment of taxes, hazard insurance premiums and protection of the property described herein,
the total amount of which is undetermined at the present time, but which amount will be
ascertainable at the time of the judicial sale, which amount may be added to the first mortgage lien
of plaintiff. Determination of the exact, if any, amount due plaintiff for said advances is reserved
for further order.
The Magistrate further finds that in order to secure the payment of the promissory note
aforesaid, the Defendant(s), Alexander Thomas Funke, single man, executed and delivered to
Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc as nominee for First Centennial Mortgage
Corporation the certain mortgage deed as in the Second Count of said Complaint described,
thereby conveying to it the following described premises:.
SEE LEGAL DESCRIPTION ATTACHED HERETO AS EXHIBIT "A”.
Said premises also known as: 17618 Puritas Avenue, Cleveland, OH
PP# 027-12-013
That said mortgage was duly filed with the Recorder of Cuyahoga County on March 2,
2021, and was by him thereafter recorded as File No. 202103020500 of the Mortgage Records of
said County, and thereby became and is a valid first mortgage lien upon said premises, subject
only to the lien of the Treasurer for taxes; that said mortgage deed was assigned from Mortgage
Electronic Registration Systems, Inc., as nominee for First Centennial Mortgage Corporation to
Guild Mortgage Company, LLC and recorded as Document No. 202505130265; that said
conditions in the mortgage deed have been broken, and the same has become absolute and the
Plaintiff is entitled tc have the equity of redemption and dower of all the Defendants in and to the
said premises foreclosed.
The Magistrate further finds that Plaintiff has and will from time to time advance sums
such as taxes, insurance, and property protection and has the first and best lien for these amounts
and for other fees, costs, charges and ampunts permitted under the Plaintiff’s loan documents and
Ohio law. The Magistrate reserves for further order a determination of the exact, if any, additional
amount due Plaintiff.
Pursuant to Civil Rule 54(B) there is no just reason for delay in entering judgment for the
Plaintiff.
It is therefore ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that unless the sums
hereinabove found due, together with the costs of this action, be fully paid within three (3) days
from the date of the entry of the Court’s adoption of this Magistrate’s Decision, the equity of
redemption and dower of all the Defendants, in and to said premises shall be foreclosed, and said
premises sold; and that an order of sale shall issue directed to the Sheriff of Cuyahoga County,
ordering him to appraise, advertise in a paper of general circulation within the County, and sell
said premises as upon execution and according to law, free and clear of the interest of all parties
to this action. If the Court authorizes a private selling officer to sell the real estate, then the sale
must proceed in accordance with R.C. §2329.152.
If this is a residential property and the property remains unsold after the first auction, then
a second auction shall be held and the property shall be sold to the highest bidder without regard
to the minimum bid requirement in §2329.20 of the Revised Code. This auction shall be held no
earlier than seven days and not later than thirty days after the first auction.
If there is a bidder at the second or subsequent sales, the judgment creditor and the first
lien holder have the right to redeem the property within fourteen days of the sale, by paying the
purchase price to the Clerk of Court. Upon timely payment, the Court will proceed as described in
R.C. §2329.31 with the redeeming party considered the successful purchaser at sale.
In the event an order of sale is returned by the selling officer unexecuted, subsequent orders
of sale shall issue in accord with appraisal instructions as requested in a Praecipe for those sales.
It is further ordered that the Sheriff or private selling officer out of the funds in his hands
pay.
FIRST: The costs herein, including the sum of $300.00 payable to Reimer Law
Co. for the Judicial Report filed herein, and the sum of $351.00 for the premium, which
are hereby taxed as costs.
SECOND: To the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, assessments, interest, and
penalties, the lien for which attaches before the date of sale but that are not yet
determined, assessed and levied for the year that includes the date of sale, apportioned
pro rata to the'part of that year that precedes the date of sale, and all other taxes,
assessments, penalties, and interest which attached for a prior tax year but have not been
paid on or before the date of sale.
THIRD: To the Plaintiff, the sum of $116,793.75 plus interest thereon at the rate of
2.625% per annum from October 1,2024.
FOURTH: The balance, if any, to be held by the Clerk of Courts pending further
order.
In the event Plaintiff is the successful bidder at the Sale, the amount of the deposits made
herein by the Plaintiff and the cost of the Preliminary Judicial Report in the sum of $851.00 shall
be deducted from the amount of court costs otherwise due and payable herein.
It is further ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that there may be due to Plaintiff
additional sums advanced by it under the terms of the Note and Mortgage to pay real estate taxes,
hazard insurance premiums, and property protection, which sums are to be determined by further
Order.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that, upon the confirmation
of sale made herein, a minute of these proceedings be entered upon the Cuyahoga County Records
involved in this action to reflect that they are released as liens against the subject premises.
It is further ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that after said sale has been
completed, a deed will be conveyed to the purchaser, and a Writ of Possession of said property be
issued. •
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, if a successful sale
occurs, the parties are ordered to file any motions for reimbursement of advances pursuant to R.C.
§ 5301.233 within 21 days from the sale. A party may move the Court to extend this deadline for
good cause shown. No party will be granted reimbursement for advances if such a motion is not
filed before this deadline. Within 7 days from the filing of a motion for reimbursement, a party
may file a brief in opposition. The Court will then make a careful examination of the sale pursuant
to the applicable statutes. If, however, this case does, not involve advances or no mortgagee intends
to seek advances, a party may file a notice to this effect within seven days of the sale. Where such
notice is filed, no party filing such notice will be granted reimbursement for advances and the
Court will make a careful examination of the sale pursuant to the applicable statutes upon the
return of the order of sale. A party may redeem before confirmation of the sale. Nothing in this
order prevents the Court from staying the confirmation of sale to permit a property owner
additional time to redeem.
Magistrate
A party shall not assign as error on appeal the court's adoption of any factual finding or legal
conclusion, whether or not specifically designated as a finding of fact or conclusion of law under
Civ. R. 53(D)(3)(a)(ii), unless the party timely and specifically objects to that factual finding or
legal conclusion as required by Civ. R. 53(D)(3)(b). J
EXHIBIT “A”
i
DESCRIPTION OF LAND
Situated in the City of Cleveland, County of Cuyahoga; and State of Ohio, and known as being part of Original
Rockport Township Section No. 8, and bounded and described as follows:
Beginning at a point in the center line of Puritas Avenue Southwest (60.00 feet wide), South 89° 07 East a
distance of 666.70 feet, measured along the center line of Puritas Avenue Southwest, from a stone monument,
at its intersection with thecenter line of Rocky River Drive Southwest;
Thence North OP 05’ 35" East, and parallel with and distant 50.00 feet Westerly at right angles from the
. easterly line of land devised, to Alice Irone Brady by will and described in Certificate of Transfer recorded
March 25, 1937 in Volume 4706, Page 627 of Cuyahoga County Recoids, a distance of329.08 feet to a point in
the southerly line of land conveyed to Thomas and Kathryn Murray on January 30,1926 and recorded in
Volume 3329, Page 634 of Cuyahoga County Records, said, last described point being 50.00 feet Westerly from
the southeasterly comer of .land so conveyed to Thomas and Kathryn Murray, as above noted;
Thence North 88° 32' 35“' West, along the southerly line of land so conveyed to Thomas and Kathryn Murray
and its production Westerly, a distance of 50.00 feet to a point, said. last described point being 85.64 feet
Easterly from the northwesterly comer of land so devised to Alice Irene Brady by will, as above noted;
TheheC South 0)0 05' 35" West, and parallel with and distant 100.00 feet Westerly at right angles from the
easterly line of land so devised to Alice Irene Brady by will, as above noted, a distance of 329.58 feet to the
center line of Puritas Avenue Southwest;
Thence South 89s 07' East, along the center line of Puritas Avenue Southwest, a distance of50.00 feet to the
place ofbeguining, be the same more or less, but subject to all legal highways.
Excepting therefrom all that part of the above described premises which falls within the bounds of Puritas
Avenue Southwest (60.00 feet wide) and that parcel of land conveyed to the City of Cleveland by deed dated
August 29,1928 and recorded in Volume 3774, Page 177 of Cuyahoga County Records, be the same-more or
less, but subject io al I legal highways.
