211890322
211890322
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
SELECT PORTFOLIO SERVICING, INC Case No: CV-25-110566
Plaintiff
Judge: ASHLEY KILBANE
NEVA TRIPP, ET AL
Defendant
JOURNAL ENTRY
92 DEFAULT - FINAL
ORDER ADOPTING MAGISTRATE'S DECISION AND DECREE OF FORECLOSURE. ORDER SEE JOURNAL. FINAL.
PURSUANT TO CIV.R. 58(B), THE CLERK OF COURTS IS DIRECTED TO SERVE THIS JUDGMENT IN A MANNER
PRESCRIBED BY CIV.R. 5(B). THE CLERK MUST INDICATE ON THE DOCKET THE NAMES AND ADDRESSES OF ALL
PARTIES, THE METHOD OF SERVICE, AND THE COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH THIS SERVICE.
Judge Signature Date
CPBSG
O
• I
-92
04/17/2026
Page 1 of 1
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
Select Portfolio Servicing, Inc. Case No. CV 25 110566
Plaintiff Judge: Ashley Kilbane
vs. Magistrate: Brian S. Gozelanczyk
Neva Tripp, et al.
ORDER ADOPTING
Defendants MAGISTRATE’S DECISION
This cause is before the Court on the decision of the Magistrate, the evidence admitted at
the hearing and the motions and pleadings in the Court’s file.
Default judgment granted in favor of Substitute Plaintiff against the following Defendants:
• Neva Tripp
• Forest Gilliam Jr.
• The Unknown Heirs, Devisees, Legatees, Executors, Administrators, Spouses and
Assigns and the Unknown Guardians of Minor and/or Incompetent Heirs of Sarah M.
Gilliam aka Sarah Mae Gilliam aka Sara Gilliam
• Jamie Doe, Unknown Spouse, if any, of Forest Gilliam, Jr.
• John Doe, Unknown Spouse, if any, of Neva Tripp
The Court adopts the Magistrate’s Decision dated March 13, 2026 granting a foreclosure
on the premises.
SEE LEGAL DESCRIPTION ATTACHED HERETO AS EXHIBIT "A" AND
INCORPORATED HEREIN:
Said premises are commonly known as: 1464 E. 120th Street, Cleveland, OH 44106
Permanent Parcel Number: 120-10-096
The parties who have asserted an interest in the premises will be paid according to their
priority. The claims of all parties who have asserted an interest in the premises and whose claims
are not paid in the order of distribution herein are transferred to the proceeds of sale and will be
determined at a later date.
The Court finds that an In Rem Judgment is rendered in favor of Substitute Plaintiff
against the subject property in unpaid principal amount of $24,823.26, plus interest at the rate of
6.250% per year from March 1,2023.
The Court finds that Substitute Plaintiff has standing to bring this case. The Court further
finds that the doctrine of Lis Pendens has attached to the real property, which is the subject of
this action on January 21, 2025. Accordingly, all liens and interest filed for record after January
21, 2025, and all pending actions are forever barred.
The Court finds that there is due the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, accrued taxes,
assessments, and penalties on the premises described herein including: (1) taxes, assessments,
interest, and penalties, the lien for which attaches before the date of sale but that are not yet
determined, assessed and levied for the year that includes the date of sale, apportioned pro rata to
the part of that year that precedes the date of sale, and (2) all other taxes, assessments, penalties,
and interest which attached for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the date of
the judicial sale. The exact amount of said taxes, accrued taxes, assessments, and penalties are
unascertainable at this time, but will be determined at the time of the sale of said premises for
which amount the Cuyahoga County Treasurer has a good and valid lien.
The Court finds that The State of Ohio Department of Medicaid has an interest in the
subject property as averred in the Complaint and set forth in the Preliminary and Final Judicial
Reports. The Court Finds this interest is junior in priority to the lien of the Substitute Plaintiff,
and will be protected accordingly. Such interest shall transfer to the proceeds of the sale of the
Property, and The State of Ohio Department of Medicaid shall have the right to seek payment
from proceeds of the sale of the Property. The interest of The State of Ohio Department of
Medicaid shall be released from the title to the property upon confirmation of sale to ensure that
the buyer obtains title to the Property free and clear of all interests.
The Court finds that The State of Ohio Department of Taxation has disclaimed any
interest in the subject property. The Court finds that the defendant, The State of Ohio
Department of Taxation is hereby dismissed as a party and any interest of The State of Ohio
Department of Taxation shall be released from the title to the property upon confirmation of sale
to ensure that the buyer obtains title to the Property free and clear of all interests.
The Court finds that The Child Support Enforcement Agency of Cuyahoga County, has
disclaimed any interest in the subject property. The Court finds that the defendant, The Child
Support Enforcement Agency of Cuyahoga County is hereby dismissed as a party and any
interest of The Child Support Enforcement Agency of Cuyahoga County shall be released from
the title to the property upon confirmation of sale to ensure that the buyer obtains title to the
Property free and clear of all interests.
IT IS, THEREFORE, ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that, unless the
sums hereinabove found due, together with the costs of this action, be fully paid within three
days of the date of the adoption of the magistrate’s decision, the equity of redemption and dower
of all the defendants in and to said premises will be foreclosed, and said premises sold; and that
an order of sale shall issue to the Sheriff of Cuyahoga County, directing him to appraise,
advertise, in a paper of general circulation within the county, and sell said premises as upon
execution and according to law, free and clear of the interest of all parties to this action. If the
Court authorizes a private selling officer to sell the real estate, then the sale must proceed in
accordance with O.R.C. §2329.152.
If this is a residential property and the property remains unsold after the first auction, then
a second auction shall be held and the property shall be sold to the highest bidder without regard
to the minimum bid requirement in §2329.20 of the Revised Code. This auction shall be held no
i
earlier than seven days and not later than thirty days after the first auction.
If there is a bidder at the second or subsequent sales, the judgment creditor and the first
lien holder have the right to redeem the property within fourteen days of the sale, by paying the
purchase price to the! Clerk of Courts. Upon timely payment, the court will proceed as described
in R.C. §2329.31 with the redeeming party considered the successful purchaser at sale.
In the even an order of sale is returned by the selling officer unexecuted, subsequent
orders of sale shall issue in'accord with appraisal instructions contained in the praecipe for those
sales.
And coming now to distribute the proceeds of said sale, it is ordered that the Sheriff out
of the funds in his hands pay:
FIRST: To the Clerk of Courts the Cost of this action, including the sum of
$386.89 payable to the Substitute Plaintiff for the Judicial Reports filed
herein, which sum, is hereby taxed as costs;
SECOND: IF THE SUBSTITUTE PLAINTIFF IS THE PURCHASER AND
HAS ELECTED TO FORGO THE PAYMENT FROM THE SALE
PROCEEDS OF CERTAIN TAXES AS PROVIDED IN R.C.
§323.47(B):
To the Treasurer of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, taxes, accrued taxes,
assessments, and penalties on the premises hereinafter described, as shown
on the tax duplicate;
OTHERWISE:
To the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, assessments, interest, and
penalties, the lien for which attaches before the date of sale but that are not
yet determined, assessed and levied for the year that includes the date of
sale, apportioned pro rata to the part of that year that precedes the date of
sale, and all other taxes, assessments, penalties, and interest which
attached for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the date of
sale.
THIRD: To Substitute Plaintiff, in unpaid principal amount of $24,823.26, plus
interest at the rate of 6.250% per year from March 1, 2023, together with
any advances for taxes, insurance and other expenditures, plus late fees,
prepayment penalty if applicable, plus costs.
FOURTH: The balance, if any, to the Clerk of Courts to be held, pending further
order.
In the event Substitute Plaintiff is the successful bidder at the sale, the amount of the
deposits made herein by Substitute Plaintiff and the costs of the Preliminary Judicial Report in
the sum of $386.89, will be deducted from the total amount of the Court costs otherwise payable
herein.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED, that there may be due
Substitute Plaintiff additional sums advanced by it under the terms of the note and mortgage to
pay real estate taxes, hazard insurance premiums, and property protection, which sums are to be
determined by further Order.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, upon the
confirmation of sale made herein, a minute of these proceedings be entered upon the Cuyahoga
County Records involved in this action to reflect that they are released as liens against the
subject premises.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that after the ale has
been completed, a deed will be conveyed to the purchaser and a writ of possession of said
property will be issued.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, if a successful sale
occurs, the parties are ordered to file any motions for reimbursement of advances pursuant to
R.C. §5301.233 within 21 days from the sale. A party may move the court to extend this deadline
for good cause shown. No party will be granted reimbursement for advances if such a motion is
not filed before this deadline. Within 7. days from the filing of a motion for reimbursement, a
party may file a brief in opposition. The court will then make a careful examination of the sale
pursuant to the applicable statutes. If, however, this case does not involve advances or no
mortgagee intends to seek advances, a party may file a notice to this effect within seven days of
the sale. Where such notice is filed, no party filing such notice will be granted reimbursement for
statutes upon the return of the order if sale. A party may redeem before confirmation of the sale.
Nothing in this order prevents the court from staying the confirmation of sale to permit a
property owner additional time to redeem.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that pursuant to Civ.R.
54(B), there is no just reason for delay in entering judgment for the Substitute Plaintiff.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, pursuant to Civ.R.
58(B), the Clerk of Courts must serve, in a manner prescribed by Civ.R. 5(B), all parties not in
default for failure to appear notice of this judgment and its date of entry upon the journal and
must note the service on the appearance docket.
IT IS SO ORDERED.
EXHIBIT “A”
Property Address: 1464 E. 120th Street, Cleveland, OH 44106
Parcel Number: 120-10-096
Situated in the City of Cleveland, County of Cuyahoga, and State of Ohio:
And known as being the Southerly thirty-five feet of Sublot No. 10 in H. C. Ford's Allotment of
part of original 100-acre Lot No. 388, as shown by the recorded plat in Volume 14 of Maps, Page
40 of Cuyahoga County Records and being 35 feet front on the Northerly side of East 120th
Street (formerly Oakland Avenue) and extending back, of equal width, 128 feet deep as appears
by said plat, be the same more or less, but subject to all legal highways.
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
Copies of the foregoing have been sent via Ordinary U.S. Mail, to the following on:
Daniel A. Cox, Esq.
Attorney for Substitute Plaintiff
600 Vine Street, Suite 2500
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Neva Tripp
18991 Nitra Avenue
Maple Heights, OH 44137
Forest Gilliam Jr.
5919 Gate Post Road
Charlotte, NC 28211
John Doe, Unknown Spouse, if any, of Neva Tripp
18991 Nitra Avenue
Maple Heights, OH 44137
Jamie Doe, Unknown Spouse, if any, of Forest Gilliam, Jr.
5919 Gate Post Road
Charlotte, NC 28211
Hunter E. Seide
Attorney for State of Ohio Department of Medicaid
18013 Cleveland Parkway, Suite 180
Cleveland, OH 44135
Nathan Pluto
Attorney for Cuyahoga County Treasurer
310 W. Lakeside Avenue, Suite 300
Cleveland, OH 44113
Robert J. Byrne
Attorney for State of Ohio Department of Taxation
30 East Broad Street, 14th Floor
Columbus, OH 43215
Ginny S. Millas
Attorney for Child Support Enforcement Agency of Cuyahoga County
P.O. Box 93923
Cleveland, OH 44101
Copies mailed by Clerk on the day of, 2026.
Clerk of Courts
mi®
MAR 1 3 2026
209957230
Cleft ot Courts IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
Cuyahoga County, Ohio CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
Select Portfolio Servicing, Inc. Case No. CV25 110566
Plaintiff Judge: Ashley Kilbane
Magistrate: Brian S. Gozelanczyk
Neva Tripp, et al. MAGISTRATE’S DECISION
Defendants
This cause was submitted to the Magistrate and heard upon the Complaint, Filed
Disclaimer of State of Ohio Department of Taxation, Filed Disclaimer of Child Support
Enforcement Agency of Cuyahoga, Filed Answer of Cuyahoga County Treasurer, Filed Answer
of State of Ohio Department of Medicaid, Affidavit of Account, and the Motion for Default
Judgment of the Substitute Plaintiff and the evidence.
The Magistrate finds that all necessary parties have been served with summons according
to law and are properly before the court. Defendants, Neva Tripp, Forest Gilliam Jr., The
Unknown Heirs, Devisees, Legatees, Executors, Administrators, Spouses and Assigns and the
Unknown Guardians of Minor and/or Incompetent Heirs of Sarah M. Gilliam aka Sarah Mae
Gilliam aka Sara Gilliam, Jamie Doe, Unknown Spouse, if any, of Forest Gilliam, Jr., and John
Doe, Unknown Spouse, if any, of Neva Tripp, are in default of answer or other response to the
I ■ '
complaint and have thereby confessed the allegations of the complaint to be true.
The Magistrate finds that Substitute Plaintiff was the real party in interest when it filed its
complaint and has maintained the requisite standing at all times material to this action. The
Magistrate further finds that the doctrine of Lis Pendens has attached to the real property, which
is the subject of this action on January 21,2025. Accordingly, all liens and interest filed for
record after January 21, 2025, and all pending actions are forever barred.
The Magistrate finds that there is due to the Substitute Plaintiff on the promissory note
set forth in the complaint, the unpaid principal amount of $24,823.26, plus interest at the rate of
6.250% per year from March 1, 2023, for which sum an In Rem Judgment is hereby rendered in
favor of the Substitute Plaintiff against the subject Real Property.
The Magistrate finds that in order to secure the payment of the promissory note aforesaid,
Sarah M. Gilliam (now deceased), executed and delivered to Fifth Third Mortgage Company, a
certain mortgage deed as in the said Complaint described, thereby conveying the following
described premises:
SEE LEGAL DESCRIPTION ATTACHED HERETO AS EXHIBIT "A" AND
INCORPORATED HEREIN:
Said premises are commonly known as: 1464 E. 120th Street, Cleveland, OH 44106
Permanent Parcel Number: 120-10-096
This mortgage was duly filed with the Recorder of Cuyahoga County, Ohio on April 4,
2006, and was by thereafter recorded as Instrument No. 200604040323 of the Mortgage Records
of said county, and thereby became and is a valid first mortgage lien upon said premises, subject
only to the lien of the Treasurer for taxes. This mortgage deed was assigned to the Substitute
Plaintiff. The conditions in the mortgage deed have been broken by reason of non-payment and
the same has become absolute. As a consequence, Substitute Plaintiff is entitled to have the
equity of redemption and dower of all the defendants in and to said premises foreclosed.
The Magistrate finds that Substitute Plaintiff has standing to bring this case.
The Magistrate finds that Substitute Plaintiff may have advanced or may advance during
the pendency of this action sums for the payment of taxes, hazard insurance premiums and
protection of the property described herein, the total amount of which is undetermined at the
present time, but which amount will be ascertainable at the time of the judicial sale, which
amount may be added to the first mortgage lien of Substitute Plaintiff. Determination of the
exact, if any, amount due Substitute Plaintiff for said advances is reserved for further order.
The Magistrate further finds that said mortgage was subsequently assigned to the
Substitute Plaintiff by virtue of an Assignment of Mortgage which was filed for record:
i) October 31, 2024 as Instrument No. 202410310001.
ii) August 14, 2025 as Instrument No. 202508140076.
The Magistrate finds that there is due the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, accrued
taxes, assessments, and penalties on the premises described herein including: (1) taxes,
assessments, interest, and penalties, the lien for which attaches before the date of sale blit that are
not yet determined, assessed and levied for the year that includes the date of sale, apportioned
pro rata to the part of that year that precedes the date of sale, and (2) all other taxes, assessments,
penalties, and interest which attached for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the
date of the judicial sale. The exact amount of said taxes, accrued taxes, assessments, and
penalties are unascertainable at this time, but will be determined at the time of the sale of said
premises for which amount the Cuyahoga County Treasurer has a good and valid lien.
The Magistrate finds that The State of Ohio Department of Medicaid has an interest in the
subject property as averred in the Complaint and set forth in the Preliminary and Final Judicial
Reports. The Court Finds this interest is junior in priority to the lien of the Substitute Plaintiff,
and will be protected accordingly. Such interest shall transfer to the proceeds of the sale of the
Property, and The State of Ohio Department of Medicaid shall have the right to seek payment
from proceeds of the sale of the Property. The interest of The State of Ohio Department of
Medicaid shall be released from the title to the property upon confirmation of sale to ensure that
the buyer obtains title to the Property free and clear of all interests.
The Magistrate finds that The State of Ohio Department of Taxation has disclaimed any
interest in the subject property. The Magistrate finds that the defendant, The State of Ohio
Department of Taxation is hereby dismissed as a party and any interest of The State of Ohio
Department of Taxation shall be released from the title to the property upon confirmation of sale
to ensure that the buyer obtains title to the Property free and clear of all interests.
The Magistrate finds that The Child Support Enforcement Agency of Cuyahoga County,
has disclaimed any interest in the Subject property. The Magistrate finds that the defendant, The
Child Support Enforcement Agency of Cuyahoga County is hereby dismissed as a party and any
interest of The Child Support Enforcement Agency of Cuyahoga County shall be released from
the title to the property upon confirmation of sale to ensure that the buyer obtains title to the
Property free and clear of all interests.
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, unless the
sums herein above found due, together with the costs of this action, be fully paid within three
days of the date of the adoption of the magistrate's decision, the equity of redemption and dower
of all the defendants in and to said premises will be foreclosed, and said premises sold; and that
an order of sale shall issue to the Sheriff of Cuyahoga County, directing him to appraise,
advertise in a paper of general circulation within the county, and sell said premises as upon
execution and according to law, free and clear of the interest of all parties to this action. If the
court authorizes a private selling officer to sell the real estate, then the sale must proceed in
accordance with R.C. §2329.152.
If this is a residential property and the property remains unsold after the first auction, then
a second auction shall be held and the property shall be sold to the highest bidder without regard
to the minimum bid requirement in §2329.20 of the Revised Code. This auction shall be held no
earlier than seven days and not later than thirty days after the first auction.
If there is a bidder at the second or subsequent sales, the judgment creditor and the first
lien holder have the right to redeem the property within fourteen days of the sale, by paying the
purchase price to the Clerk of Courts. Upon timely payment, the court will proceed as described
in R.C. §2329.31 with the redeeming party considered the successful purchaser at sale.
In the event an order of sale is returned by the selling officer unexecuted, subsequent
orders of sale shall issue in accord with appraisal instructions contained in the praecipe for those
sales.
And, coming now to distribute the proceeds of said sale, it is ordered that the Sheriff or
private selling officer out of the funds in his hands pay:
FIRST: To the Clerk of Courts the costs of this action, including the sum of
$386.89 payable to the Substitute Plaintiff for the judicial reports filed
herein, which sum is hereby taxed as costs.
SECOND: IF THE SUBSTITUTE PLAINTIFF IS THE PURCHASER AND
HAS ELECTED TO FORGO THE PAYMENT FROM THE SALE
PROCEEDS OF CERTAIN TAXES AS PROVIDED IN R.C.
§323.47(B):
To the Treasurer of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, taxes, accrued taxes,
assessments, and penalties on the premises hereinafter described, as shown
on the tax duplicate;
OTHERWISE:
To the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, assessments, interest, and
penalties, the lien for which attaches before the date of sale but that are not
yet determined, assessed and levied for the year that includes the date of
sale, apportioned pro rata to the part of that year that precedes the date of
sale, and all other taxes, assessments, penalties, and interest which
attached for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the date of
sale.
THIRD: To Substitute Plaintiff, the unpaid principal amount of $24,823.26, plus
interest at the rate of 6.250% per year from March 1, 2023, together with
