212488142 iiiii
212488.142
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
LOAN FUNDER LLC Case No: CV-25-111605
Plaintiff
Judge: CARL J MAZZONE
MOORE QUALITY ENTERPRISES LLC, ET AL
Defendant
JOURNAL ENTRY
92 DEFAULT - FINAL
JUDGMENT ENTRY ADOPTING MAGISTRATE'S DECISION. ORDER SEE JOURNAL.
Judge Signature Date
CPJLJ
-92
04/28/2026
Page 1 of 1
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
Loan Funder LLC Case No. CV 25 111605
Plaintiff
Judge: Carl J. Mazzone
vs.
Magistrate: Jim L. Jackson
Moore Quality Enterprises LLC, et al.
ORDER ADOPTING
Defendants MAGISTRATE’S DECISION
This cause is before the Court on the decision of the Magistrate, the evidence admitted at
the hearing and the motions and pleadings in the Court’s file.
Default judgment granted in favor of the Plaintiff against the following Defendant:
• National Resources Solutions, LLC, a Maryland Limited Liability Company
The Court adopts the Magistrate’s Decision dated IA? _granting
Plaintiff a foreclosure on the premises.
SEE LEGAL DESCRIPTION ATTACHED HERETO AS EXHIBIT "A" AND
INCORPORATED HEREIN:
Said premises are commonly known as: 1532 Felton Road, South Euclid, OH
Permanent Parcel Number: 704-03-025
The parties who have asserted an interest in the premises will be paid according to their
priority. The claims of all parties who have asserted an interest in the premises and whose claims
are not paid in the order of distribution herein are transferred to the proceeds of sale and will be
determined at a later date.
The Court finds that the defendant, Blake Hamilton Moore, filed for bankruptcy on June
10,2025 in Bankruptcy Case No. 25-50985. On September 17,2025 an Order on Motion for
Relief from Automatic Stay and Abandonment was granted. Accordingly, no personal judgment
is hereby rendered.
The Court finds that a Judgment is rendered in favor of Plaintiff against Moore Quality
Enterprises LLC, the unpaid principal amount of $116,500.00, plus interest at the rate of 10.99%
from January 1, 2026 through February 6, 2026 and interest at the rate of 23.00% from August 1,
2024. .
The Court finds that Plaintiff has standing to bring this case. The Court further finds that
the doctrine of Lis Pendens has attached to the real property, which is the subject of this action
on February 6, 2025. Accordingly, all liens and interest filed for record after February 6, 2025,
and all pending actions are forever barred.
The Court finds that the defendants, Moore Quality Enterprises LLC and Blake Hamilton
Moore, filed an Answer in response to Plaintiff’s Complaint. The Plaintiff and Defendant Blake
Hamilton Moore have entered into an agreement wherein Plaintiff will not seek a Judgment
against Blake Hamilton Moore on the Guaranty.
IT IS, THEREFORE, ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that, unless the
♦
sums hereinabove found due, together with the costs of this action, be fully paid within three
days of the date of the adoption of the magistrate’s decision, the equity of redemption and dower
of all the defendants in and to said premises will be foreclosed, and said premises sold; and that
an order of sale shall issue to the Sheriff of Cuyahoga County, directing him to appraise,
advertise, in a paper of general circulation within the county, and sell said premises as upon
execution and according to law, free and clear of the interest of all parties to this action. If the
Court authorizes a private selling officer to sell the real estate, then the sale must proceed in
accordance with O.R.C. §2329.152.
If this is a residential property and the property remains unsold after the first auction, then
a second auction shall be held and the property shall be sold to the highest bidder without regard
,to the minimum bid requirement in §2329.20 of the Revised Code. This auction shall be held no
earlier than seven days and not later than thirty days after the first auction.
If there is a bidder at the second or subsequent sales, the judgment creditor and the first
lien holder have the right to redeem the property within fourteen days of the sale, by paying the
purchase price to the Clerk of Courts. Upon timely payment, the court will proceed as described
in R.C. §2329.31 with the redeeming party considered the successful purchaser at sale.
In the even an order of sale is returned by the selling officer unexecuted, subsequent
orders of sale shall issue in accord with appraisal instructions contained in the praecipe for those
sales.
And coming now to distribute the proceeds of said sale, it is ordered that the Sheriff out
of the funds in his hands pay:
FIRST: To the Clerk of Courts the Cost of this action, including the sum of
$707.75 payable to the Plaintiff for the Judicial Reports filed herein,
which sum, is hereby taxed as costs;
SECOND: IF THE PLAINTIFF IS THE PURCHASERAND HAS ELECTED
TO FORGO THE PAYMENT FROM THE SALE PROCEEDS OF
CERTAIN TAXES AS PROVIDED IN R.C. §323.47(B):
To the Treasurer of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, taxes, accrued taxes,
assessments, and penalties on the premises hereinafter described, as shown
on the tax duplicate;
OTHERWISE:
To the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, assessments, interest, and
penalties, the lien for which attaches before the date of sale but that are not
yet determined, assessed and levied for the year that includes the date of
sale, apportioned pro rata to the part of that year that precedes the date of
sale, and all other taxes, assessments, penalties, and interest which
attached for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the date of
sale.
THIRD: To Plaintiff, the unpaid principal amount of $116,500.00, plus interest at
the rate of 10.99% from January 1,2026 through February 6, 2026 and
interest at the rate of 23.00% from August 1, 2024, together with
advances.
FOURTH: The balance, if any, to the Clerk of Courts to be held, pending further
order.
In the event Plaintiff is the successful bidder at the sale, the amount of the deposits made
herein by Plaintiff and the costs of the Preliminary Judicial Report in the sum of $707.75, will be
deducted from the total amount of the Court costs otherwise payable herein.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED, that there may be due
plaintiff additional sums advanced by it under the terms of the note and mortgage to pay real
estate taxes, hazard insurance premiums, and property protection; which sums are to be
determined by further Order.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, upon the
confirmation of sale made herein, a minute of these proceedings be entered upon the Cuyahoga
County Records involved in this action to reflect that they are released as liens against the
subject premises.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that after the ale has
been completed, a deed will be conveyed to the purchaser and a writ of possession of said
property will be issued.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, if a successful sale
occurs, the parties are ordered to file any motions for reimbursement of advances pursuant to
R.C. §5301.233 within 21 days from the sale. A party may move the court to extend this deadline
for good cause shown. No party will be granted reimbursement for advances if such a motion is
not filed before this deadline. Within 7 days from the filing of a motion for reimbursement, a
party may file a brief in opposition. The court will then make a careful examination of the sale
pursuant to the applicable statutes. If, however, this case does not involve advances or no
mortgagee intends to seek advances, a party may file a notice to this effect within seven days of
the sale. Where such notice is filed, no party filing such notice will be granted reimbursement for
statutes upon the return of the order if sale. A party may redeem before confirmation of the sale.
Nothing in this order prevents the court from staying the confirmation of sale to permit a
property owner additional time to redeem.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that pursuant to Civ.R.
54(B), there is no just reason for delay in entering In Rem judgment for the plaintiff.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, pursuant to Civ.R.
58(B), the Clerk of Courts must serve, in a manner prescribed by Civ.R. 5(B), all parties not in
default for failure to appear notice of this In Rem judgment and its date of entry upon the journal
and must note the service on the appearance docket.
IT IS SO ORDERED.
Judge: Carl J. Mazzone
Prepared By:
/s/ Daniel A. Cox______
Daniel A. Cox (0076469)
Wood & Lamping LLP
Attorney for Plaintiff
600 Vine Street, Suite 2500
Cincinnati, OH 45202
Phone: 513-852-6066
Fax:513-852-6087
Email: foreclosure@woodlamping.com
Seen and Agreed By:
/s/ Michael A. Steel ________
Michael A. Steel (0072367)
Attorney for Moore Quality Enterprises LLC & Blake Hamilton Moore
Steel & Company Law Firm
2950 W. Market St. Suite G.
Akron, OH 44333
Exhibit “A”
Situated in the City of South Euclid, County of Cuyahoga, and State of Ohio:
And known as being Sublot No. 18 in the Felton Road Subdivision of part of Original Euclid
Township Lot No. 63 as shown by the recorded plat in Volume 62 of Maps, Page 15 of Cuyahoga
County Records and being 40.00 feet front on the Westerly side of Felton Road and extending
back 227.09 feet deep on the Northerly line, 227.10 feet deep on the Southerly line, and having a
rear line of 40.00 feet, as appears by said plat, be the same more or less but subject to all legal
highways.
Address: 1532 Felton Road, Cleveland, OH 44121
Parcel No.: 704-03-025
CV25111605 211252891
211252891
APR 0 6 2026
Clertt of Courts
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
E^fioga County,
CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
Loan Funder LLC Case No. CV 25 111605
Plaintiff
Judge: Carl J. Mazzone
vs.
Magistrate: Jim L. Jackson
Moore Quality Enterprises LLC, et al.
MAGISTRATE’S DECISION
Defendants
This cause was submitted to the Magistrate and heard upon the Complaint, Filed Answer
of Moore Quality Enterprises LLC and Blake Hamilton Moore, the Affidavit of Account, and the
Stipulated Motion for Default Judgment of the Plaintiff and the evidence.
The Magistrate finds that all necessary parties have been served with summons according
to law and are properly before the court. Defendant, National Resources Solutions, LLC, a
Maryland Limited Liability Company, are in default of answer or other response to the complaint
and have thereby confessed the allegations of the complaint to be true.
The Magistrate finds that there is due the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, accrued
taxes, assessments, and penalties on the premises described herein including: (1) taxes,
assessments, interest, and penalties, the lien for which attaches before the date of sale but that are
not yet determined, assessed and levied for the year that includes the date of sale, apportioned
pro rata to the part of that year that precedes the'date of sale, and (2) all other taxes, assessments,
penalties, and interest which attached for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the
date of the judicial sale. The exact amount of said taxes, accrued taxes, assessments, and
penalties are unascertainable at this time, but will be determined at the time of the sale of said
premises for which amount the Cuyahoga County Treasurer has a good and valid lien.
The Magistrate finds that Plaintiff was the real party in interest when it filed its complaint
and has maintained the requisite standing at all times material to this action. The Magistrate
further finds that the doctrine of Lis Pendens has attached to the real property, which is the.
subject of this action on February 6, 2025. Accordingly, all liens and interest filed for record after
February 6, 2025, and all pending actions are forever barred.
The Magistrate finds that the defendants, Moore Quality Enterprises LLC and Blake
Hamilton Moore, filed an Answer in response to Plaintiff’s Complaint. The Court finds that the
parties have agreed to an IN REM Judgment.
The Magistrate finds that the defendant, Blake Hamilton Moore, filed for bankruptcy on
June 10,2025 in Bankruptcy Case No. 25-50985. On September 17,2025 an Order on Motion
for Relief from Automatic Stay and Abandonment was granted. Accordingly, no personal
judgment is hereby rendered.
The Magistrate finds that there is due to the Plaintiff on the promissory note set forth in
the complaint, the unpaid principal amount of $116,500.00, plus interest at the rate of 10.99%
from January 1, 2026 through February 6,2026 and interest at the rate of 23.00% from August 1,
2024, for which sum a Judgment is hereby rendered in favor of the Plaintiff against Moore
Quality Enterprises LLC.
The Magistrate finds that there is due to the Plaintiff on the guaranty set forth in the
complaint, the unpaid principal amount of $116,500.00, plus interest at the rate of 10.99% from
January 1, 2026 through February 6, 2026 and interest at the rate of 23.00% from August 1,
2024, for which sum an In Rem Judgment is hereby rendered in favor of the Plaintiff.
The Magistrate finds that in order to secure the payment of the Promissory Note
aforesaid, Moore Quality Enterprises LLC, executed and delivered to Loan Funder LLC, Series
71168, a certain mortgage deed as in the said Complaint described, thereby conveying the
following described premises:
SEE LEGAL DESCRIPTION ATTACHED HERETO AS EXHIBIT "A" AND
INCORPORATED HEREIN:
Said premises are commonly known as: 1532 Felton Road, South Euclid, OH
Permanent Parcel Number: 704-03-025
The Magistrate finds Borrower’s obligations under the Loan, the Note and other Loan
Documents are secured by, inter alia, the following (as they may be amended, supplemented,
replaced, restated, renewed, extended or otherwise modified from time to time):
a. a Commercial Mortgage, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing dated March 15,
2024 and recorded March 15, 2024 as Instrument No. 202403150369, of the
Cuyahoga County, Ohio Records (the “Mortgage”);
b. an Assignment of Mortgage recorded January 3, 2025 as Instrument No.
202501030027, of the Cuyahoga County, Ohio Records (the “Assignment”);
The Magistrate finds that Plaintiff has standing to bring this case.
The Magistrate finds that Plaintiff may have advanced or may advance during the
pendency of this action sums for the payment of taxes, hazard insurance premiums and
protection of the property described herein, the total amount of which is undetermined at the
present time, but which amount will be ascertainable at the time of the judicial sale, which
amount may be added to the first mortgage lien of plaintiff. Determination of the exact, if any,
amount due plaintiff for said advances is reserved for further order.
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, unless the
sums herein above found due, together with the costs of this action, be fully paid within three
days of the date of the adoption of the magistrate's decision, the equity of redemption and dower
of all the defendants in and to said premises will be foreclosed, and said premises sold; and that
an order of sale shall issue to the Sheriff of Cuyahoga County, directing him to appraise,
advertise in a paper of general circulation within the county, and sell said premises as upon
execution and according to law, free and clear of the interest of all parties to this action. If the
court authorizes a private selling officer to sell the real estate, then the sale must proceed in
accordance with R.C. §2329.152.
If this is a residential property and the property remains unsold after the first auction, then
a second auction shall be held and the property shall be sold to the highest bidder without regard
to the minimum bid requirement in §2329.20 of the Revised Code. This auction shall be held no
earlier than seven days and not later than thirty days after the first auction.
If there is a bidder at the second or subsequent sales, the judgment creditor and the first
lien holder have the right to redeem the property within fourteen days of the sale, by paying the
purchase price to the Clerk of Courts. Upon timely payment, the court will proceed as described
in R.C. §2329.31 with the redeeming party considered the successful purchaser at sale.
In the event an order of sale is returned by the selling officer unexecuted, subsequent
orders of sale shall issue in accord with appraisal instructions contained in the praecipe for those
sales.
And, coming now to distribute the proceeds of said sale, it is ordered that the Sheriff or
private selling officer out of the funds in his hands pay:
FIRST: To the Clerk of Courts the costs of this action, including the sum of
$707.75 payable to the plaintiff for the judicial reports filed herein, which
sum is hereby taxed as costs.
SECOND. IF THE PLAINTIFF IS THE PURCHASER AND HAS ELECTED
TO FORGO THE PAYMENT FROM THE SALE PROCEEDS OF
CERTAIN TAXES AS PROVIDED IN R.C. §323.47(B):
To the Treasurer of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, taxes, accrued taxes, •
assessments, and penalties on the premises hereinafter described, as shown
on the tax duplicate;
OTHERWISE:
To the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, assessments, interest, and
penalties, the lien for which attaches before the date of sale but that are not
yet determined, assessed and levied for the year that includes the date of
sale, apportioned pro rata to the part of that year that precedes the date of
sale, and all other taxes, assessments, penalties, and interest which
attached for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the date of
sale.
THIRD: To Plaintiff, the impaid principal amount of $ 116,500.00, plus interest at
the rate of 10.99% from January 1,2026 through February 6,2026 and
interest at the rate of 23.00% from August 1,2024, together with
advances.
FOURTH: The balance, if any, to the Clerk of Courts to be held pending further
order.
In the event plaintiff is the successful bidder at the sale, the amount of the deposits made
herein by plaintiff and the cost of the preliminary judicial report in the sum of $707.75, shall be
deducted from the total amount of costs otherwise payable herein.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that there may be due
plaintiff, additional sums advanced by it under the terms of the note and mortgage to pay real
estate taxes, hazard insurance premiums, and property protection, which sums are to be
determined by further order.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that, upon the
confirmation of sale, a minute of these proceedings be entered upon the Cuyahoga County
Records involved in this action to reflect that they are released as liens against the premises.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, after the sale has
been completed, a deed will be conveyed to the purchaser and a writ of possession of said
property will be issued.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, if a successful sale
occurs, the parties are ordered to file any motions for reimbursement of advances pursuant to
R.C. § 5301.233 within 21 days from the sale. A party may move the court to extend this
deadline for good cause shown. No party will be granted reimbursement for advances if such a
motion is not filed before this deadline. Within seven days from the filing of a motion for
reimbursement, a party may file a brief in opposition. The court will then make a careful
examination of the sale pursuant to the applicable statutes. If, however, this case does not involve
advances or no mortgagee intends to seek advances, a party may file a notice to this effect within
seven days of the sale. Where such notice is filed, no party filing such notice will be granted
reimbursement for advances and the court will make a careful examination of the sale pursuant
to the applicable statutes upon the return of the order of sale. A party may redeem before
confirmation of the sale. Nothing in this order prevents the court from staying the confirmation
of sale to permit a property owner additional time to redeem.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that pursuant to Civ.R.
54(B), there is no just reason for delay in entering In Rem judgment for the plaintiff.
GISTRATE//im L. Jacks;
A PARTY SHALL NOT ASSIGN AS ERROR ON APPEAL THE COURT’S ADOPTION
OF ANY FACTUAL FINDING OR LEGAL CONCLUSION, WHETHER OR NOT
SPECIFICALLY DESIGNATED AS A FINDING OF FACT OR CONCLUSION OF LAW
UNDER CIV. R. 53 (D) (3) (a) (ii), UNLESS THE PARTY TIMELY AND SPECIFICALLY
OBJECTS TO THAT FACTUAL FINDING OR LEGAL CONCLUSION AS REQUIRED
BY CIV. R. 53 (D) (3) (b).
Exhibit “A”
Situated in the City of South Euclid, County of Cuyahoga, and State of Ohio:
And known as being Sublot No. 18 in the Felton Road Subdivision of part of Original Euclid
Township Lot No. 63 as shown by the recorded plat in Volume 62 of Maps, Page 15 of Cuyahoga
County Records and being 40.00 feet front on the Westerly side of Felton Road and extending
back 227.09 feet deep on the Northerly line, 227.10 feet deep on the Southerly line, and having a
rear line of 40.00 feet, as appears by said plat, be the same more or less but subject to all legal
highways.
Address: 1532 Felton Road, Cleveland, OH 44121
Parcel No.: 704-03-025
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
Copies of the foregoing have been sent via Ordinary U.S. Mail, to the following on:
Daniel A. Cox
Wood + Lamping LLP
Attorneys for Plaintiff
600 Vine Street, Suite 2500
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Michael A. Steel
Attorney for Moore Quality Enterprises LLC & Blake Hamilton Moore
Steel & Company Law Firm '
2950 W. Market St. Suite G.
Akron, OH 44333
National Resources Solutions, LLC, a
Maryland Limited Liability Company
Registered Agents Inc.,
5000 Thayer Center Suite C
Oakland, MD 21550
Copies mailed by Clerk on the day of April, 2026.
Clerk of Courts
