210215169
2102 5 69
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
TRUIST BANK Case No: CV-25-115432
Plaintiff
Judge: MOLLIE ANN MURPHY
MICHAEL L STAVERMAN, ET AL
Defendant
JOURNAL ENTRY
92 DEFAULT - FINAL
ORDER ADOPTING MAGISTRATE'S DECISION AND DECREE OF FORECLOSURE. ORDER SEE JOURNAL. FINAL.
PURSUANT TO CIV.R. 58(B), THE CLERK OF COURTS IS DIRECTED TO SERVE THIS JUDGMENT IN A MANNER
PRESCRIBED BY CIV.R. 5(B). THE CLERK MUST INDICATE ON THE DOCKET THE NAMES AND ADDRESSES OF ALL
PARTIES, THE METHOD OF SERVICE, AND THE COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH THIS SERVICE. .
Judge Signature ’ A Date' '
V CPBSG
Bit
Vl ill 6
cn
-92
03/18/2026
Page 1 of 1
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
Truist Bank
CASE NO. CV-25-115432
Plaintiff
JUDGE Mollie A. Murphy
MAGISTRATE: Brian S. Gozelanczyk
-vs- ORDER ADOPTING
MAGISTRATE'S DECISION
Michael L. Staverman, et al.
Defendants
This cause is before the Court on the decision of the magistrate, the evidence admitted at
the hearing, and the motions and pleadings in the Court file.
Default judgment granted in favor of plaintiff against the following defendants, Margaret
E Staverman and Michael L. Staverman.
The court adopts the magistrate's decision dated February 12, 2026, granting a
foreclosure on the premises.
(SEE EXHIBIT “A” ATTACHED HERETO AND MADE A PART HEREOF)
PREMISES COMMONLY KNOWN AS:
18506 FAIRVILLE AVE, CLEVELAND, OH 44135
PERMANENT PARCEL NO.: 026-27-116
Judgment is rendered in favor of Plaintiff against defendant, Michael L. Staverman in the
sum of $71,945.19 plus interest at the rate of 3.87500% per annum from September 1, 2024.
The Court finds that Plaintiff has standing to bring this case.
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, unless the sums
*ra3962* *14147022*
hereinabove found due, together with the costs of this action, be fully paid within three days of
the date of the Court's adoption of the Magistrate's Decision, the equity of redemption and dower
of all the defendants in and to said premises will be foreclosed, and said premises sold; and that
an order of sale shall issue to the Sheriff of Cuyahoga County, directing him to appraise,
advertise in a paper of general circulation within the county, and sell said premises as upon
execution and according to law, free and clear of the interest of all parties to this action. If the
court authorizes a private selling officer to sell the real estate, then the sale must proceed in
accordance with R.C. §2329.152.
If this is a residential property and the property remains unsold after the first auction, then
a second auction shall be held and the property shall be sold to the highest bidder without regard
to the minimum bid requirement in §2329.20 of the Revised Code. This auction shall be held no
earlier than seven days and not later than thirty days after the first auction.
If there is a bidder at the second or subsequent sales, the judgment creditor and the first
lien holder have the right to redeem the property within fourteen days of the sale, by paying the
purchase price to the Clerk of Court. Upon timely payment, the court will proceed as described
in R.C. §2329.31 with the redeeming party considered the successful purchaser at sale.
In the event an order of sale is returned by the selling officer unexecuted, subsequent
orders of sale shall issue in accord with appraisal instructions contained in the Praecipe for those
sales.
And, coming now to distribute the proceeds of said sale, it is ordered that the Sheriff- or
private selling officer out of the funds in his hands pay:
FIRST: To the Clerk of Courts the costs of this action, including the sum of
$425.00 payable to the Plaintiff for the Judicial Report filed herein, which
sum is hereby taxes as costs.
SECOND: IF THE Plaintiff IS THE PURCHASER AND ELECTED TO
FORGO THE PAYMENT FROM THE SALE PROCEEDS OF
CERTAIN TAXES AS PROVIDED IN R.C. §323.47(B):
To the Treasurer of Cuyahoga County, Ohio taxes, accrued taxes,
assessments, and penalties on the premises hereinafter described, as
shown on the County Treasurer's tax duplicate;
OTHERWISE:
To the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, assessments, interest, and
penalties, the lien for which attached before the date of sale but that are
not yet determined, assessed and levied for the year that includes the date
of sale, apportioned pro rata to the part of that year that precedes the date
of sale, and all other taxes, assessments, penalties, and interest which
attached for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the date
of sale.
THIRD: To Plaintiff, the sum of $71,945.19, plus interest at the rate of 3.87500%
per annum from October 1, 2024.
FOURTH: The balance, if any, to the Clerk of Courts to be held pending further
order.
In the event Plaintiff is the successful bidder at the sale, the amount of the deposits made
herein by Plaintiff and the cost of the preliminary judicial report in the sum of $425.00, will be
deducted from the total amount of Court costs otherwise payable herein.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that there may be due
Plaintiff, additional sums advanced by it under the terms of the note and mortgage to pay real
estate taxes, hazard insurance premiums, property protection, together with advances made for
protection and maintenance of the property, condominium association or homeowners
association dues and penalties, and costs, which sums are to be determined by further order.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, upon the confirmation
of sale made herein,, a minute of these proceedings be entered upon the Cuyahoga County
Records involved in this action to reflect that they are released as liens against the subject
premises.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, if a successful sale
occurs, the parties are ordered to file any motions for reimbursement of advances pursuant to
R.C. §5301.233 within 21 days from the sale. A party may move the court to extend this
deadline for good cause shown. No party will be granted reimbursement for advances if such a
motion is not filed before this deadline. Within 7 days from the filing of a motion for
reimbursement, a party may file a brief in opposition. The court will then make a careful
examination of the sale pursuant to the applicable statutes. If, however, this case does not
involve advances or no mortgagee intends to seek advances, a party may file a notice to this
effect within seven days of the sale. Where such notice if filed, no party filing such notice will
be granted reimbursement for advances and the court will make a careful examination of the sale
pursuant to the applicable statutes upon the return of the order of sale. A party may redeem
before confirmation of the sale. Nothing in this order prevents the court from staying the
confirmation of sale to permit a property owner additional time to redeem.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, pursuant to Civ.R.
54(B), there is no just reason for delay.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, pursuant to Civ.R.
58(B), the Clerk of Courts must serve, in a manner prescribed by Civ.R. 5(B), all parties not in
default for failure to appear notice of this judgment and its date of entry upon the journal and
must note the service on the appearance docket.
IT IS SO ORDERED
Q-______
Judge Mollie A. Murphy » / /
Exhibit A
■SHuafe^fo tjpCByoi €ft^&8pdt?Ctounty;(rt£^ InOwn t&Whcr
SubtottNo.S? to pre SA partof CWJilnai Rockport
Township Se^on Nd. $ by Wr^xded to V^umo; 47, Pago 28 <4 Cuyahoga
County kacoitfs* and being 68‘.5OT&t fto6rt;WN*odterty$l^ pi Fatoflle Avsnup. S.W. and
extending back, of equal width 1'86.12 feci, as appears by sate plal, bo toe same more or less,
but subject to all lagat hghways.
18506 FairvHte Avenue. ClevelajKVOH 44135
Permanent Parcel No.: 026-27-116
CV25115432 208471836
208471836
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
FILED
CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO
Truist Bank CASE NO. CV-25-115432
ZOZb FEB 12 P 3: 5‘
Plaintiff
CLERK OF COURTS
CUYAHOGA COUNTY
JUDGE Mollie A. Murphy
MAGISTRATE Brian S. Gozelanczyk
-vs-
MAGISTRATE'S DECISION
Michael L. Staverman, et al.
Defendants
This cause was submitted to the magistrate and heard upon the complaint, the motion for
default judgment of the plaintiff, the motion for summary judgment of the plaintiff, Affidavit of
Michael R. Brinkman, Military Affidavit, and the affidavit and exhibits in support thereof, and
the evidence.
All necessary parties have been served with summons according to law and are properly
before the court. Defendants Margaret E Staverman and Michael L. Staverman, are in default of
answer or other response to the complaint and have thereby confessed the allegations of the
complaint to be true.
There is due the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, accrued taxes, assessments, and
penalties on the premises described herein including: (1) taxes, assessments, interest, and
penalties, the lien for which attached before the date of sale but that are not yet determined,
assessed and levied for the year that includes the date of sale, apportioned pro rata to the part of
that year that precedes the date of sale, and (2) all other taxes, assessments, penalties, and interest
which attached for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the date of the judicial
*ra3962* *14147021*
sale. The exact amount of said taxes, accrued taxes, assessments, and penalties are
unascertainable at this time, but will be determined at the time of the sale of said premises for
which amount the Cuyahoga County Treasurer has a good and valid lien.
There is due Plaintiff on the promissory note set forth in the complaint, the sum of
$71,945.19 plus interest thereon at the rate of 3.87500% per annum from September 1, 2024, for
which sum judgment is hereby rendered in favor of Plaintiff against defendant, Michael L.
Staverman.
In order to secure the payment of the promissory note, Margaret E Staverman and
Michael L. Staverman executed and delivered to Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc.,
as Mortgagee, as Nominee for Union Capital Mortgage Corporation , a certain mortgage deed as
in the said Complaint described, thereby conveying the following described premises:
SEE LEGAL DESCRIPTION ATTACHED HERETO AS EXHIBIT “A” AND
INCORPORATED HEREIN:
Said premises are commonly known as: 18506 FAIRVILLE AVE, CLEVELAND,
OH 44135
Permanent Parcel Number: 026-27-116
This mortgage was duly filed with the Recorder of Cuyahoga County, Ohio on October
20, 2015 at 02:12:47 p.m. and was by him thereafter recorded as AFN 201510200445 of the
Mortgage Records of said county, and thereby became and is a valid first mortgage lien upon
said premises, subject only to the lien of the Treasurer for taxes. This mortgage deed was
assigned to the Plaintiff. The conditions in the mortgage deed have been broken by reason of
non-payment and the same has become absolute. As a consequence, Plaintiff is entitled to have
the equity of redemption and dower of all the defendants in and to said premises foreclosed.
The Magistrate further finds that Plaintiff may have advanced or may advance during the
pendency of this action sums for the payment of taxes, hazard insurance premiums, protection of
the property described herein, and condominium association or homeowners association dues
and penalties, the total amount of which is undetermined at the present time, but which amount
will be ascertainable at the time of the judicial sale, which amount may be added to the first
mortgage lien of Plaintiff. The Magistrate reserves for further order a determination of the exact,
if any, amount due Plaintiff for said advances.
Pursuant to Civ. R. 54(B) there is no just reason for delay in entering judgment for the
Plaintiff.
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, unless the sums
hereinabove found due, together with the costs of this action, be fully paid within three days of
the date of the Court's adoption of the Magistrate's Decision, the equity of redemption and dower
of all the defendants in and to said premises will be foreclosed, and said premises sold; and that
an order of sale shall issue to the Sheriff of Cuyahoga County, directing him to appraise,
advertise in a paper of general circulation within the county, and sell said premises as upon
execution and according to law, free and clear of the interest of all parties to this action. If the
court authorizes a private selling officer to sell the real estate, then the sale must proceed in
accordance with R.C. §2329.152.
If this is a residential property and the property remains unsold after the first auction, then
a second auction shall be held and the property shall be sold to the highest bidder without regard
to the minimum bid requirements in §2329.20 of the Revised Code. This auction shall be held
no earlier than seven days and not later than thirty days after the first auction.
If there is a bidder at the second or subsequent sale, the judgment creditor and the first
lien holder have the right to redeem the property within fourteen days of the sale, by paying the
purchase price to the Clerk of Court. Upon timely payment, the court will proceed as described
in R.C. §2329.31 with the redeeming party considered the successful purchaser at sale.
In the event an order of sale is returned by the selling officer unexecuted, subsequent
orders of sale shall issue in accord with appraisal instructions contained in the Praecipe for those
sales.
And, coming now to distribute the proceeds of said sale, it is ordered that the Sheriff or
private selling officer out of the funds in his hands pay:
FIRST: To the Clerk of Courts the costs of this action, including the sum of
^HlS.oo$651.8+ payable to the Plaintiff for the Judicial Report filed herein, which
sum is hereby taxes as costs.
SECOND: IF THE PLAINTIFF IS THE PURCHASER AND HAS ELECTED TO
FORGO THE PAYMENT FROM THE SALE PROCEEDS OF CERTAIN
TAXES AS PROVIDED IN R.C. §323.47(B):
To the Treasurer of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, taxes, accrued taxes,
assessments, and penalties on the premises hereinafter described, as shown
on the County Treasurer's tax duplicate;
OTHERWISE:
To the Cuyahoga County Treasurer, taxes, assessments, interest, and
penalties, the lien for which attaches before the date of sale but that are not
yet determined, assessed and levied for the year that includes the date of
sale, apportioned pro rata to the part of that year that precedes the date of
sale, and all other taxes, assessments, penalties, and interest which attached
for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the date of sale.
THIRD: To Plaintiff, the sum of $71,945.19 plus interest thereon at the rate of
3.87500% per annum from September 1,2024.
FOURTH: The balance, if any, to the Clerk of Courts to be held pending further order.
In the event Plaintiff is the successful bidder at the sale, the amount of the deposits made
herein by Plaintiff and the costs of the preliminary judicial report in the sum of SSfrhgJ, shall be
deducted from the total amount of Court costs otherwise payable herein.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that there may be due
Plaintiff, additional sums advanced by it under the terms of the note and mortgage to pay real
estate taxes, hazard insurance premiums, property protection, and condominium association or
homeowners association dues and penalties, which sums are to be determined by further Order.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, upon the confirmation
of sale made herein, a minute of these proceedings be entered upon the Cuyahoga County
Records involved in this action to reflect that they are released as liens against the subject
premises.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that,'after said sale has
been completed, a deed will be conveyed to the purchaser and a Writ of Possession of said
property to be issued..
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that, if a successful sale
occurs, the parties are ordered to file any motions for reimbursement of advances pursuant to
R.C. §5301.233 within 21 days from the sale. A party may move the court to extend this
deadline for good cause shown. No party will be granted reimbursement for advances is such a
motion is not filed before this deadline. Within 7 days from the filing of a motion for
reimbursement, a party may file a brief in opposition. The court will then make a careful
examination of the sale pursuant to the applicable statutes. If, however, this case does not
involve advances or no mortgage intends to seek advances, a party may file a notice to this effect
within seven days of the sale. Where such notice if filed, no party filing such notice will be
granted reimbursement for advances and the court will make a careful examination of the sale
pursuant to the applicable statutes upon the return of the order of sale. A party may redeem
before confirmation of the sale. Nothing in this order prevents the court from staying the
confirmation of sale to permit a property owner additional time to redeem.
MAGISTRATE BRIAN S
GOZELANCZYK
—NOTICE—
A party shall not assign as error on appeal the court's adoption of any
factual finding or legal conclusion, whether or not specifically
designated as a finding of fact or conclusion of law under Civ. R.
53(D)(3)(a)(ii), unless the party timely and specifically objects to that
factual finding or legal conclusion as required by Civ. R. 53(D)(3)(b).
Exhibit A
■SWejfih (Iio G^af S&g-cf Ohio ang known esisethg
SubfoVNo. 221n pie SH. part of Or^jlnei Rockport
TpwnsMp Section Nd. $ as b Vo*uiT|e: 47. Page 28 of Cuyaliogo
County Resorts. thrift $&50 ti& ^1^‘Niir^ Fairvilte Avenup. $W W
extending back, of equal width 186.12 feef, as appears by said ptif, bo th? sama mote or less,
but subject to all legal h^iweys.
18506 Falrvllle Avenue, Cleveland,-OH 44135
Permanent Percei Nai 026-27-116
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
Copies of the foregoing magistrate's decision have been sent via Ordinary U.S. Mail, or
via e-mail if an e-mail address is available in the court's case management system, to the
following:
Carrie L. Davis (0083281)
Michael R. Brinkman (0040079)
Christopher M. Polito (104409)
Reisenfeld & Associates LLC
Attorneys for Plaintiff
3962 Red Bank Road
Cincinnati, OH 45227
voice: 1-513-322-7000
facsimile: 513-322-7099
oh e-notifications@rslegal.com
Michael L. Staverman
18506 Fairville Ave
Cleveland, OH 44135
Margaret E Staverman
18506 Farville Ave
Cleveland, OH 44135
Copies mailed by Clerk
(Date)
CLERK OF COURTS
