CV-2025-10-5047 BREAUX, ALISON 3/23/2026 11:46:32 AM ORD-DECR Page 1 of 5
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
SUMMIT COUNTY, OHIO
KRISTEN M. SCALISE, CASE NUMBER: CV-2025-10-5047
Fiscal Officer
Summit County Fiscal Office
JUDGE: ALISON BREAUX
Plaintiff
vs.
JUDGMENT OF FORECLOSURE
UNKNOWN HEIRS OF KLET M.
FREELAND, et al.
Defendant(s)
This cause came on to be heard before this Court on the Complaint of the Plaintiff, Kristen M.
Scalise, Fiscal Officer of Summit County, Ohio, for foreclosure of liens for delinquent real estate
taxes, the motion of Plaintiff for Default Judgment and Summary Judgment and the evidence.
The Court finds that all parties to this action have been served according to law and that the
Defendant, Unknown Heirs of Klet M. Freeland, has failed to answer the Complaint and have by
reason thereof, confessed the allegations therein contained to be true.
Defendant, City of Akron, filed an answer disclaiming an interest in this action.
Plaintiff’s Motion for Summary Judgment was supported by credible evidence in the form of
an affidavit and supporting papers. There has been no response by the Defendant.
Plaintiff’s Motion for Default Judgment and Summary Judgment is hereby granted.
The Court further finds that the proceedings in the within case have complied with those
proceedings set forth in Chapter 5721 of the Ohio Revised Code.
The Court further finds that there is due on said parcel(s):
1. All taxes, assessments, penalties, interest, and other charges, if any, which are due and
unpaid, as of the date of the delivery of the Delinquent Land Tax List to the Prosecuting
Tavia Galonski, Summit County Clerk of Courts
CV-2025-10-5047 BREAUX, ALISON 3/23/2026 11:46:32 AM ORD-DECR Page 2 of 5
Attorney by the County Fiscal Officer which date is reflected on the Delinquent Land Tax
List for said parcel;
2. All taxes, assessments, penalties, interest, and other charges, if any, due and payable
subsequent to the date of the delivery of the Delinquent Land Tax List to the Prosecuting
Attorney by the County Fiscal Officer and prior to the entry of the Confirmation of Sale; and
3. All court costs incurred in this proceeding, including the cost of the Judicial Reports filed in
the within proceeding and costs of the Sheriff, all of which costs the Court finds are
necessary costs in this proceeding.
All of such amounts will be ascertained at the time of the sale, and the total of all of such
amounts constitute the total amount of the Findings of the Court and also constitute the “Minimum
Bid” for the parcels as defined by the Statues of Ohio. At this time, the amount of judgment shall be
$31,394.04 plus court costs of $1,304.16, but this amount does not constitute the "MINIMUM BID".
The Court further finds that for all such taxes, assessments, penalties, interest, and other charges,
if any, the complainant has a good and valid first lien on said parcels as described in Exhibit "A"
attached hereto.
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that the within action shall
proceed according to Chapter 5721 of the Ohio Revised Code.
It is further ORDERED that unless:
(a) prior to the filing of an entry confirming the sale, there is tendered to the County Fiscal
Officer an amount sufficient to pay the full amount of all taxes, assessments, penalties,
interest, and other charges, if any, found to be due and unpaid together with all costs
incurred in this proceeding; or,
(b) prior to the time such parcel is first offered for sale, any person entitled to redeem the parcel
enters into a written undertaking with the County Fiscal Officer according to law for the
payment of taxes, assessments, penalties, interest, and other charges, if any, found herein to
be due and unpaid on said parcel, together with all costs incurred in this proceeding; there
Tavia Galonski, Summit County Clerk of Courts
CV-2025-10-5047 BREAUX, ALISON 3/23/2026 11:46:32 AM ORD-DECR Page 3 of 5
shall be no further equity of redemption; except that with respect to any lien of the United
States of America, the United States of America shall have the right to redeem within the
time periods provided in 28 U.S.C. 2410 (c); that said lien and said equity of redemption in
and to the herein described parcel shall be foreclosed; that an Order of Sale shall be issued to
the Sheriff, directing him, without appraisal, to advertise according to Section 5721.191 of
the Ohio Revised Code and separately sell said parcel at public sale in the manner provided
by law for the sale of real property on execution and according to Section 5721.19 of the
Ohio Revised Code and the applicable Rules of the Summit County Common Pleas Court,
for not less than the total amount of the findings herein which shall constitute the
"MINIMUM BID'; and, that the Sheriff make due return to this Court, for further
proceedings under law.
It is further ORDERED that upon the confirmation of the sale, the proceeds thereof shall be applied
by the Sheriff as follows:
1. The cost incurred in this proceeding as fixed in the “Minimum Bid”;
2. The taxes, assessments, penalties, interest, and other charges, if any, as fixed in the “Minimum
Bid”; and
3. The balance, if any, to the Clerk of Courts, pending the further order of this Court.
It is further ORDERED that upon the sale of the within described premises and the
confirmation of sale thereof, the Sheriff of Summit County, Ohio, shall issue a Deed in accordance
with law.
It is further ORDERED that such taxes and special assessments, or installments of special
assessments, and any other assessments, which are not legally due and payable according to law at the
time of the Confirmation of Sale, shall not be abated or removed from the tax duplicates and records in
the Office of the Fiscal Officer of Summit County, Ohio, but shall be and remain a first and best lien on
the premises heretofore described, and the purchaser shall take such premises subject to all such taxes
and assessments.
Tavia Galonski, Summit County Clerk of Courts
CV-2025-10-5047 BREAUX, ALISON 3/23/2026 11:46:32 AM ORD-DECR Page 4 of 5
It is further ORDERED that unless said parcel is previously redeemed pursuant to Section
572125 of the Ohio Revised Code, upon the filing of the entry of confirmation of sale, the title to said
parcel shall be incontestable in the purchaser, and shall be free and clear of all liens and
encumbrances, except such easements and covenants of record running with the land as were created
prior to the time of the taxes or assessments, for the nonpayment of which said parcel is sold at
foreclosure, became due and payable.
It is further ORDERED that, except as otherwise herein ORDERED, any defendant parties owning
or claiming any right, title, or interest in, or lien upon said premises, together with such who may have
right of dower, shall be and they are forever barred from asserting any right, title, or interest in said
premises. Plaintiff shall serve notice upon all counsel of record prior to the Sheriffs Sale in accordance
with Summit County Rule 11.06.
IT IS SO ORDERED.
JUDGE ALISON BREAUX
/s/ Marrett W. Hanna
MARRETT W. HANNA #0065689
Assistant Prosecuting Attorney
53 University Avenue, 7th Floor
Akron, Ohio 44308
(330) 643-2792
(330) 643-8540 - FAX
mhanna@prosecutor.summitoh.net
Attorney for Plaintiff
Tavia Galonski, Summit County Clerk of Courts
CV-2025-10-5047 BREAUX, ALISON 3/23/2026 11:46:32 AM ORD-DECR Page 5 of 5
EXHIBIT A
Tavia Galonski, Summit County Clerk of Courts
