ELECTRONICALLY FILED
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
Tuesday, May 12, 2026 2:50:28 PM
CASE NUMBER: 2025 CV 06699 Docket ID: 636710314
Mike Foley
CLERK OF COURTS MONTGOMERY COUNTY OHIO
MSS/BS
25-09606
05/07/2026
IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
MONTGOMERY COUNTY, OHIO
Civil Division
PENNYMAC LOAN SERVICES, LLC : CASE NO. 2025 CV 06699
Plaintiff :
: JUDGE E. GERALD PARKER
- vs - :
:
ROGER MCDAVID, ET AL :
Defendants : JUDGMENT ENTRY AND
: FORECLOSURE DECREE
:
:
THIS DAY this cause came on to be heard, and there being no exceptions thereto, the
Court confirms the same, and the findings therein are approved as the findings of the Court.
THIS CAUSE was submitted to the Court and heard upon the Complaint of Plaintiff, the
Answer of Defendant Montgomery County Treasurer, Plaintiff's Motion for Default Judgment,
and the evidence.
The Court finds that all necessary parties have been properly served with summons,
according to law, and are properly before the Court.
The Court further finds that Defendants Roger McDavid and Jane Doe, Name Unknown,
Unknown Spouse, if any of Roger McDavid, are in default of Answer or other pleading, and
thereby confess the allegations of the Complaint to be true, therefore, the aforementioned
Defendants are forever barred from asserting any right, title, or interest in and to the hereinafter
described premises.
There is due the Montgomery County Treasurer, taxes, accrued taxes, assessments, and
penalties on the premises described herein including: (1) taxes, assessments, interest, and
-1-
penalties, the lien for which attaches before the date of sale but that are not yet determined,
assessed and levied for the year that includes the date of sale, apportioned pro rata to the part of
that year that precedes the date of sale, and (2) all other taxes, assessments, penalties, and interest
which attached for a prior tax year but have not been paid on or before the date of the judicial
sale. The exact amount of said taxes, accrued taxes, assessments, and penalties are
unascertainable at this time, but will be determined at the time of the sale of said premises for
which amount the Montgomery County Treasurer has a good and valid lien.
The Court finds on the evidence adduced that there is due to Plaintiff on the promissory
note set forth in the First Count of the Complaint (the “Note”), the sum of $189,442.88 plus
interest at 5.500000% per annum from June 1, 2025, for which judgment is hereby rendered in
favor of Plaintiff, in rem.
In addition, Plaintiff may have advanced or may advance during the pendency of this
action sums for the payment of taxes, hazard insurance premiums and protection of the property
described herein, including condominium association and/or homeowner's association fees, dues
and/or assessments, if any; the total amount of which is undetermined at the present time, but
which amount will be ascertainable at the time of the judicial sale, which amount may be added
to the first mortgage lien of Plaintiff. The Court reserves for further order a determination of the
exact, if any, amount due Plaintiff for said advances.
The Court further finds that in order to secure the payment of the Note, Roger McDavid
executed and delivered a certain mortgage deed set forth in the Second Count of the Complaint
(the “Mortgage”), thereby conveying to Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc. as
-2-
nominee for Mortgage Research Center, LLC dba Veterans United Home Loans the following
described premises (the “Premises”):
See Legal Description attached marked Exhibit “A”
The Premises are also known as 471 Wyoming St, Dayton, OH 45410
Tax Parcel Number R72 02709 0007
That the Mortgage was duly filed with the Recorder of Montgomery County on June 28,
2022, and was thereafter recorded as Instrument No. 2022-00040250 of the Mortgage Records of
Montgomery County, and assigned unto the Plaintiff on October 17, 2025, and recorded on
October 17, 2025, as Instrument No. 2025-00058005, and thereby became and is a valid first
mortgage lien upon said premises, subject only to the lien of the Treasurer for taxes. The Court
further finds that the conditions in the Mortgage have been broken and the same has become
absolute and Plaintiff is entitled to have the equity of redemption and dower of all Defendants in
and to the Premises foreclosed.
The Court further finds that there is no just reason for delay in entering the judgment
herein.
It is therefore, ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that unless the sums
hereinabove found due, together with the costs of this action, be fully paid within three (3) days
from the date of the entry of this decree, the equity of redemption and dower of all Defendant’s
in and to the Premises shall be foreclosed, and the Premises sold; that only upon the issuance of a
Praecipe for Order of Sale by Plaintiff's attorney, shall an order of sale thereafter issue to the
Sheriff of Montgomery County, directing him to appraise, advertise in a paper of general
circulation within the County, and sell the Premises as upon execution and according to law, free
-3-
and clear of the interest of all parties to this action. If the court authorizes a private selling officer
to sell the real estate, then the sale must proceed in accordance with R.C. §2329.152.
If this is a residential property and the property remains unsold after the first auction, then
a second auction shall be held and the property shall be sold to the highest bidder without regard
to the minimum bid requirement in §2329.20 of the Revised Code. This auction shall be held no
earlier than seven days and not later than thirty days after the first auction.
If there is a bidder at the second or subsequent sales, the judgment creditor and the first
lien holder have the right to redeem the property within fourteen days of the sale, by paying the
purchase price to the Clerk of Court. Upon timely payment, the court will proceed as described
in R.C. §2329.31 with the redeeming party considered the successful purchaser at sale.
In the event an order of sale is returned by the selling officer unexecuted, subsequent
orders of sale shall issue in accord with appraisal instructions contained in the Praecipe for those
sales.
And the Court coming now to distribute the proceeds of said sale, it is ordered that the
Sheriff or private selling officer out of the funds in his hands pay:
First: To the Clerk of Courts, the costs of this action, including to
Plaintiff for the Judicial Report filed herein, which sum is taxed
as costs.
Second: IF THE PLAINTIFF IS THE PURCHASER AND HAS
ELECTED TO FORGO THE PAYMENT FROM THE
SALE PROCEEDS OF CERTAIN TAXES AS PROVIDED
IN R.C. §323.47(B):
To the Treasurer of Montgomery County, Ohio, taxes, accrued
taxes, assessments, and penalties on the premises hereinafter
described, as shown on the County Treasurer’s tax duplicate;
OTHERWISE:
-4-
To the Montgomery County Treasurer, taxes, assessments,
interest, and penalties, the lien for which attaches before the date
of sale but that are not yet determined, assessed and levied for
the year that includes the date of sale, apportioned pro rata to the
part of that year that precedes the date of sale, and all other taxes,
assessments, penalties, and interest which attached for a prior tax
year but have not been paid on or before the date of sale.
Third: To Plaintiff, $189,442.88 plus interest at 5.500000% per annum
from June 1, 2025, together with advances for taxes, insurance
and monies otherwise expended for property protection,
including condominium association and/or homeowner's
association fees, dues and/or assessments, if any, plus costs.
Fourth: If the Sheriff sells the property, the balance, if any, to be held by the
Sheriff, pending further order. If a private selling officer sells the
property, the balance, if any, to the Clerk of Courts to be held
pending further order.
It is further ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that there may be due to the
Plaintiff sums advanced by it under the terms of the Note and Mortgage to pay real estate taxes,
hazard insurance premiums, and property protection.
It is further ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that after the sale has been
completed, a deed will be conveyed to the purchaser and that a Writ of Possession of the
Property shall be issued.
It is therefore ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that since Plaintiff is the first
and best lien holder, should it be the successful bidder at the Sale, the deposit required is hereby
waived; Plaintiff lien holder shall not be required to make a deposit at the time of sale, but shall
pay all costs, taxes, and assessments upon presentment of a statement from the Montgomery
County Sheriff. Also, in the event Plaintiff is the successful bidder at the Sheriff's Sale, the
-5-
amount of the deposits made herein by Plaintiff and the costs of the Preliminary Judicial Report
shall be deducted from the total amount of court costs otherwise payable herein.
Record is hereby ordered.
Judge Parker
Submitted by,
/s/ Suzanne M. Godenswager
David T. Brady (0073127)
Suzanne M. Godenswager (0086422)
Austin B. Barnes III (0052130)
Michael A. Moccia (106163)
SANDHU LAW GROUP, LLC
1213 Prospect Avenue, Suite 300
Cleveland, OH 44115
216-373-1001
216-373-1002
sgodenswager@sandhu-law.com
Attorneys for Plaintiff
INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CLERK: THIS IS A FINAL APPEALABLE ORDER.
Pursuant to Civ.R.58(B), Please serve upon all parties not in default for failure to
appear notice of Judgment and its date of entry upon the Journal.
-6-
EXHIBIT A
-7-
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
A copy of the foregoing was sent by regular U.S. Mail on this _8_ day of _May__,
20_26_, to the following:
Roger McDavid
508 S Madriver St
Bellefontaine, OH 43311
Jane Doe, Name Unknown, Unknown
Spouse, if any of Roger McDavid
200 Everman St., Apt. 305
Grayson, KY 41143
Michele Phipps (Adverse Attorney for
Montgomery County Treasurer )
301 West Third Street
Dayton, OH 45422
/ s/ Suzanne M. Godenswager
David T. Brady (0073127)
Suzanne M. Godenswager (0086422)
Austin B. Barnes III (0052130)
Michael A. Moccia (106163)
Attorneys for Plaintiff
-8-
General Divison
Montgomery County Common Pleas Court
41 N. Perry Street, Dayton, Ohio 45422
Case Number: Case Title:
2025 CV 06699 PENNYMAC LOAN SERVICES LLC vs ROGER MCDAVID
Type: Final Judgment Entry
So Ordered,
Electronically signed by parkerg on 05/12/2026 02:50:33 PM Page 9 of 9
